parliament not supported a amendment for release to 
of has rejected today the proposal of lifted the amendment of the section of in the that is condemns to the leader of the opposition . 
change weakening the doors to the of the minister , but the parliamentary rejected the proposal of reduce the received by economic crimes in the second reading . 
october , was to seven prison years by the signing of a agreement with for on gas natural buying . 
still ruling not is firm , the appeal court has the duty of still not in 
is was convinced of that is was of a regime policy , and even in that doubt on the court influences . 
proposal of that is the paragraph of with the that is condemned to the former first minister was supported by members in the vote . 
their discharge is votes . 
victory of 
history of the release libya , or of the rebellion libya , already has their losers . 
was deed in a place secret already not in a place secret in the desert and without he 
by define who is the 
already is practice already in region , the islamists the elections , but now is of if is of moderates or radical 
of has fact into in force the traditional law , the , that already in force the traditional law , the , that in 
is will in a country without crime , because to the remaining is them the hand . 
women already is can go of and the waiting their execution and so . 
place of by the dictator person , the society , an of tribes , is join by the . 
is mid-2013 a order that not we or imagine and that certainly not we . 
however , our life way not is or the only or objective the better and , probably , not them betraying , however not probably not probably not in power . 
true is that not is of general that the enemies islamic threatened thankful the aid of the dogs . 
only justification was that , since their view point , the attacks of the not the respected a general us , but large be , whose greatness held after every a of the successful speeches . 
is for not in , is between them . 
trapped in a shootout of that is serve the islamists and our political for maggots of a dictator ally in a shootout of that is serve the islamists and our political for maggots of a dictator in the person of a 
the recent poor experiences of and , not with aggressiveness . 
this case , to the local not them is a problem who to the & apos ; crusaders & apos ; 
, without occupation ? loosely the done with the gold black recognise only with good words ? 
quite possible that not , but can be that finally can of protect the rights human . 
that the followers of the not is we launch . 
a new was of the crisis 
and the rest of will to the hunting of investors 
while is has widespread by 
individual have published their data of for . 
economy czech in the period is has reached , while that and have grown . 
however , the bonds market today has breaking records . 
investors already not only is already not only in only in and other . 
whom statisticians of the , and other european countries , already have published their estimates provide on economic growth already in third quarter . 
of the 0.5 % be , the of the mere % 
countries have fact public the data of second , just in has more of what expected ( % growth in time of be % ) , although in is was a there % reduction ( the original data extends spoke ) . 
economy czech a 1.5 % in the third quarter of this year . 
however , however in period , the internal gross product ( ) is has reached and according the is constitutes the trend to the slowdown find in the development economic growth . 
results still are worst that the forecasts of the analysts . 
main : 
, the economy czech in the third quarter of this year a 1.5 % , but is has reached . 
the third quarter , the german economy , according the data very and , a 0.5 % . 
economy of the and also of the , between july and also in with the previous quarter , a % , what that with the expectations of the analysts . 
economy greek has fallen the % . 
interest of their bonds to ten years is of % . 
interest of the italian bonds and spaniards has grown to critical limits . 
situation commission starts to also affect to , etc 
interests of the bonds czech to ten years is have in the 4 % , although in the area the situation is are . 
is raising voices that say that the should give loans ultimately in last . 
czech is classify for the . 
1 : realised and up the classification with a for 200 million . 
! football team does with the task more difficult of all the season ! 
, thank the excellent and the brilliant , is was the victory by 1 : realised . 
team czech , together with a good takes of fortunately together fortunately not in time , is for of the team local attacks , of way that to the quotation of championship european . 
continued the party development in a nature . 
there almost statehood there almost in half and a good takes of fortunately in half and a good takes of in 
team czech , thank the team local collapse towards the end , and also the excellent at of and the , by 1 : also realised in is their satisfied the of . 
cause of the defence czech , the not to the second half . 
two of party were and , that was through two large times . 
, thank the , the eleven not czech to the quotation of the of , by what that to the football national coffers you will a shorter of 200 million of billion . 
since the first minutes is was a good at . 
equipment so is only so only in lines and nothing more in about the field centre . 
there pressure of the local players in the first half , the another field exactly in the first half , the another field in defence , 
iranian students are prepared to die by the programme nuclear of their country . 
a shield human . 
students university hundreds human islamics around of nuclear installations in . 
their gesture want express their support the programme nuclear of their country to a possible attack israeli . 
students is put to the tuesday the at to the installations and after death stop to and . 
students hundreds university the tuesday in the city islamics human agenda around of centre technological nuclear in that is working with uranium . 
demonstrate that are prepared to defend the programme nuclear of their country with their own lives . 
for the ( ) , in a recent report , discovered that , according all the signs , is by get nuclear weapons . 
is about of a possible attack to the nuclear iranian installations . 
students is put to the at to the nuclear installations of and then were death stop against and . 
attack case , whose aim would the programme nuclear agenda , is reflects , according sources israelis , not only the central of , but also the installations of , where is blackmailing uranium . 
daily of a child : not and dinner pieces 
of a third of the children with 25-to-30 age between the 9 and 13 years have obesity problems , where the obesity affects the 9 % of the population school and the obesity the 5 % . 
children overweight not come in their families majority with a life lifestyle that is healthy , according is from of current research . 
again to demonstrate what is the environment importance where is overall for a healthy development of the person , so as the models that reference serve . 
the table , the children is deplored , by example , of pieces the least with the double of often that the families children with normal weight . 
dinner , more of 19 % of the overweight had potatoes the day before of analysis , the which is linked the prevention programme & apos ; obesity not is a & apos ; . 
the children families with obesity not there people practice sports , what which is applies to the majority of the current families , where only the 15 % of the children replied that their parents , the least a time by week , are time for the exercise physical . 
so to 900 children 
survey is was to end of last year school and almost took in the same 900 children of all . 
was the second programme edition of & apos ; obesity of not is a & apos ; , that supports the of and the company . 
now , have now participated in project more of 12 thousand children since the to the course . 
appropriate and quite exercise even in family are factors , that do reduce a the children number with obesity and obesity . 
& apos ; the half of the children have would that have five served everyday according the regime : understand , lunch , food , and dinner , that is a of the conditions core for a healthy & apos ; , other one of the results of the survey . 
understand but with for dinner 
specialists of that , also in a healthy development , are important , the details , that also have , as by example have a time set for the understand also in . 
, not however , only the 23 % of the schoolchildren families to the same time . 
the majority of the families , every one only . 
what worst was be that not in the 10 % of the who is nothing . 
understand is , without however , the basis of a daily right . 
study shows that very in the children families overweight is that with more often the potatoes . 
all - regardless of weight - gestapo-type to daily ( 70 % ) . 
general rule do sport more of 40 % of the children , without however , official their parents this result is reduces to least of the half , only the 15 % . 
your 
next study stage that the elected ( boys and girls of 13 schools ) is their own identify to from of all the possible takeover according their tastes and views . 
& apos ; preferences food of the children very czech in 25-to-30 age between the 12 and 15 years , since the view point of a healthy food , are removed of what ideal . & apos ; 
their food records is are the , the meat and the 
& apos ; on all alarming the popularity of the & apos ; , is rolling in the report study end . 
main food is has the palma the and you still of close the church meat . 
, the children always reject the and the will by the fish and the vegetable very is under . 
to habits made 
same time , the study shows that the children are prepared to change their habits food if receive the information fair . 
& apos ; the control group of the participants not in the study , that the after of end the prevention programme & apos ; obesity is a & apos ; , is was in many cases a important change to favour of the principles of a healthy food & apos ; , is as in the study results . 
the attention , by example , what concerning to the , where many children to the normal water and aware . 
children also with more often also often in church meat and the fish for the main food and the food consumption fresh and the derivatives of . 
has of also be a good fariñas , maintain the professionals 
the article , learn the , already i a little of that the initial lessons already quite were . 
had or idea of how would what . 
of three professionals of , how certain to eventual problem and , also , a seminar on how works also in spectacle world . 
will worst . 
more close are the examinations end , more information and tasks practices we 
although the course is develops every saturday and sunday , already not is a . 
time we examined with the director , ( not there in the course no man ) on how certain to the woman that not has a perfect . 
so is the great majority . 
is , someone has a on without the right and someone suffering obesity . 
has of know reduce a shoulders , a bottleneck or the necessary 
have given certain provide on how do i the kind women body of , of and enormous but close and the same time not of a way too 
, by example , the difference between the and the so is that the attracted or the occurred not is , is the worth done the least a separatist paper to measure . 
doubt not is , because the clothes that perfectly notice is . 
a attracted to measure is much relieved better that with a that not for of get , much not in etc 
body is can allow certain clothes with , or . 
certainly many information various types and of bodies , so that i back of that have of all the week for put order certainly back in all this information . 
even so , i fear that with the task , already i more that of much . 
every participant in the course is you have allocated two famous , to the that must solutions two : one for the day and another for the night . 
that have in account the aspect current , the lifestyle of fashionable that is to the person in question . 
has & apos ; certain & apos ; to , perhaps the of the campaign of & apos ; & apos ; s . 
by within , for me much is better that , by example , or , that recently will a hundred 75-kilo ( by favour , much have recently in excessive ) , or the . 
pictures we that of the weeklies or in internet and , for after harmful . 
, that as is is out the result completely , this also our lifestyle personal and our relationship with the design . 
important also also think in part of . 
, by therefore , not only physically , but that also is as , by example , of the products pages therefore not only physically also only physically also in , face , etc ) . 
all this we spoke the and designer . 
all this already is for the sunday . 
has of have a global vision . 
three invited specialists ones the saturday conference with information on all bodies kind . 
, the designer of fashionable and the of fashionable . 
we reminded that the fashionable is a illusion and the should from party to this . 
a good know work with a same of certain of various forms . 
is , in this case , fundamental . 
, the such ( or as also say in english , ) is can certain to what stale with and , but serves for certain the body he with shoes of and as if it in reality a clothing . 
well enough and higher the bottleneck for obtain a image completely different . 
& apos ; with this & apos ; , we stressed . 
that more is the next council : & apos ; start to work , ago lack that first all the rules & apos ; . 
& apos ; already look & apos ; , said . 
end i is clear by what all these developments , what is being with what , by what , if then is that then in weeklies of fashionable we are different results . 
without about of the . 
the , know that a has that have more clothes types in the reserve of the that to . 
, for a history of fashionable that have ten pages ( by therefore , ten ) , there that have hand , lists for use , the least fifteen . 
also that the fine the clothes also works in with other , all them different to the that is overnight in the reality . 
this there that times in account to the solutions time the . 
we was that the image and the lifestyle excessive them alone , alone in cases , the success half . 
look to , that not precisely is a struggling extraordinary , but the image and the have fact of she a star world . 
, by the time , not there still a clear trend to use the services of the . 
the eventual famous also what are pointless ( i mere my skills , my aspect physical not so has importance ) . 
when someone we our services , there that very have in account that is likely that we a enormous very different to the their real ( less ) . 
only is and physically if the heart weeklies already have writing on the issue , if a certain has / , etc 
sunday , and we not in that the you enough in the fashionable , but that has that understand of . 
their work , on all is must communicate with the people to the that , by what that is fundamental be a good fariñas . 
levels to the people , not is ago of least , stand their views . 
& apos ; a director you for that you the and is what with fine , not look take and bath-water all what that had and say : & apos ; what horror & apos ; & apos ; . 
& apos ; the least a things couple that and recommend for that someone is the can put & apos ; , says . 
same also we was that all must also in so-called & apos ; & apos ; , is say , the work stock . 
is set around of the and is have there all the necessary tools . 
items as incomprehension , as incomprehension , or . also will of ( that you serves the during the products fine such session that or ) , special of by front , if this outside greater ( the and another kind of not are , therefore could damage the fabric ) , or a at of remnant . 
not static not in usual and put something in practice , we learned to the of the shoes . 
during the fine part-session in the study , still in the study , much in a surface the and more still the foreign . 
not did more that and . 
could play the shoes with the incomprehension for not by accident . 
that had that very be . 
i has given a joy the who my work without reserves . 
truth is that not is i give very well these skills . 
only is a small part of all the that we heard during all the week end , only in second course part . 
i given account that producing the to level professional not is a way of rose-tinted , but i exactly does as what that telling the people . 
and : is compete by all . 

journey , in principle , is complicates to cause of a series of a journey routine during the morning time . 
certain measure is cover managed the expectations , but this not serves of nothing , if , cover not in is intended do nothing so . 
new over , to the that the title is adds , large adherents expectations already before of their . 
that would new aires to the former of to and , to as of what shown , is as a at that not should end being other time a action gender without more . 
we feel by know how disappeared the scenes , where the like main falling of car and around by their own ordinary . 
often often happen in of , the results not an great thing regard to what that we been . 
to that is can give by community , but already in the total is some points to cause of failures absurd , that come in the series since ago years . 
reality not is can or calling errors , but that is more well of the incomprehensible of the . 
adventure very starts well . 
you introduces in a history , whose leading , has certain personal problems ; for , is you offers participate in a career illegal by all . 
the in the at east , in , and tardiness. & apos ; mission is come the first to . 
idea is offer something interesting . 
route is into then in ten stages and , in more of fifty to . 
this is follows that every career has place by a different route and the stages quite are in different environments , that are various and interesting . 
that way , one not has or the that of that the at will always what same . 
of the environments even are to the view , although the level technical of is equivalent the of mistreatment previous of the series . 
therefore , not is nothing of another world . 
the own by the desert , the landscape or the highest mountains covered of snow are a effect identity very atmosphere . 
, the to is of time in when by a element . 
, by example , in the desert you a bit storm that news the visibility . 
change , not in the mountains there that have care for that you a . 
that , every a of the to very is well developed . 
there a models couple , but with that enough . 
a time , to a rival amount ( what normal then in a career classical ) , after of win time ( duel stale ) and you expected a duel against a only . 
half of all this is to sometimes the police , that not ago but still sent more the things . 
odysseus are the landscape outside of car . 
have when , always in the majority of the cases , has of someone escape and fine you that , the fair in the time fair . 
complicated . 
surprising , without however , that enough has least landscape however enough in of what that be wait ( only in of what that be wait ( in particular there 
the result end is positive , because this element not comes to be some and , not in context already mentioned , is one of the elements that do that the at making more interesting . 
model of severe still the fingerprinting of the previous episodes . 
want say that to today day already not be great thing , but not is can say that be bad . 
a realistic , already look seek already in part . 
to a career office-bound with quite action you quite be this lifestyle of severe , although we find something better between the games of the competition . 
here , all here in . 
the problems arise after of a true time . 
difference of what right of the models of severe , already not happens what same with the crashed . 
games of this kind not is wait that and crashed complicated , but of fact before of a coup against any subject , not look predict how prosecution , with what which not all not is in 
typical that , the do a very or able the prosecution with a normal traffic , so only has light , but very so only in , prosecution has doing . 
even completely has destroyed . 
the system of , not arise large problems , but can of bad humour . 
are of such way that , when a accident or you of the back , the at you the last rescue point in the back . 
however , however in career only is at of five available . 
the all , you that restart the career since the principle . 
therefore not is more that a aid therefore not in that something will well , but not very is of . 
sometimes , or the aid , only aid the stage on of memory . 
great disadvantage of at is that the ourselves facts is themselves in different places . 
some , by example , there that into of a specific way ; of another way , are gone of take . 
sometimes you sometimes in website vehicles & apos ; civil & apos ; always with the same configuration , although the first , or five minutes before or after . 
ago of on all ago in , when that two that will the i well in directions observing , your without problems , but when , or where . 
as when , because is thing by that the & apos ; surprise & apos ; always happen force front . 
opponents also have a advantage more . 
all the starting to websites where , without always have in account the time , you the same in the same website . 
this happens the end of the starting , still in a long bridge , what which is more . 
must come before that fine , the price that be . 
will front of fine , you difficult the vision of the that come of with , so that the principle look do the car . 
can understand the create idea a at with maximum takes of and , but the execution so is apparent that surely you yes . 
is a worth , because although the journey model be simple , the at is fun and with action , of way that to often not is possible continue the detail what that is or where . 
really does as , if the merit is has the idea with fifty runs features or the classification really in career for that not the platitude , or any other thing . 
idea is the change of during the to . 
that be vigilant to the of petrol the hand of the road , because exactly there you that prosecution change , although exactly in great majority of the cases you suffice what that you . 
is into in three categories . 
sport are suitable for urban areas , the strong american for the motorways and the for a severe technical , by example , by mountain roads with . 
will main also is a will of challenges parallel , is say , there to also in places that by the stories . 
not only haul , but also experience points for profile , that therefore serves for the challenges as the . 
achieve the level higher , the driver is you open several possibilities , beginning by the prosecution and with funds for the profile . 
same time , there a role in line , that preceding results with the of other players and other duties community . 
of the elements more difficult of understand is how is nation the last career in the history . 
the car to the metre tunnel ( satisfied ) , where you to closing to shameful by the ways ( satisfied ) . 
you mark between 150 and 200 / km h ( satisfied ) and , of suddenly , by behind you comes the of metre and is you has by front without more . 
the significant surely will a discussion on this during several days , on if during the programming of at none even was a little or if the truth authors we take by a bunch of . 
technical part of at not is nothing so , but the least the general effects not are so sometimes in of the cases , to . 
what worth that , in the at more is reduces the image quality and , in times , of a serious way . 
affects on all to the accidents where there many participants , when the image continual quality already not is valid . 
audio well is and the such is a tastes question . 
end of that be of welcome to the greater group part youth , the such belongs to the category & apos ; every one of their father and of their mother & apos ; , but is can mean that nobody enlightened the at only by their music . 
that end of and : therefore is quite confused . 
the at errors absolutely questioners , we problems absolutely in that is the better at of the last years . 
the that of that the at not is concluded . 
is , but because the errors you back in eyes with the force of a of airport . 
of the attending in the live & apos ; of & apos ; . 
since joint of the and the anniversary of the of as experience musical will place by third time in the festival . 
the same , is presented centres twenty of secondary and university . 
festival revolves about in to two concerts the 17 of november . 
& apos ; has a high participation in the festival & apos ; . 
the current are the coral of the of and the of , in the festival committee is the rector & apos ; , stated the responsible of the organisation , . 
summit of all the festival is the free entry for all the public the live of the of secondary , that is will the 17 of march to the 14 hours front of the in . 
programme account with the czech participation and their . 
the night is will in the places of since of the in the live & apos ; of & apos ; , in that attending , including the chorus of the . 
as has not intended only so from the of the and remember the anniversary of the of , but also it the public the music coral the more high level and promote the creation between young . 
main whoever is the of in cooperation with the of . 
the acts with the mayor support of , and of rector of the , . 
relating between the 16 and the 20 of november between and . 
timetable offers , also of the concerts , all a events series music , performances students gymnasiums and concerts . 
interested will find more information indeed in the of festival 
her to the , : 
czech have a ensure of and eurosceptics . 
& apos ; treaty of has significantly affected the balance between the institutions individual & apos ; 
& apos ; i than that is a war without guardia & apos ; . 
& apos ; five , six years , before of that the situation is a little , is and the new players is to their new papers & apos ; , so began with conviction their conference in the of the her czech to the , . 
not issue not seriously in motto & apos ; clear and openly on & apos ; , that already said openly already therefore in part of their conference , when managed proceed every body of the and their relations with such precision and clarity , would the of many lecturers of the of the . 
also the work of new president permanent of , will : 
& apos ; first arise the criticisms , that if is , a official grey , capable of taking any because , but say i that he to all confusion , because moderating their patterns to the very & apos ; . 
& apos ; a man that know listen to the member of the 27 states , communicate with them and that has a towards vision where must go the & apos ; . 
new since of representative of the and is explains to from of the question : & apos ; ? is this ? what number i ? & apos ; . therefore is of a important step towards the unification and the clarification of the union policy of for to as or . 
want the cheese of 
is has also occupied of the agenda pursued , still and will the also still in future . 
presidency czech of ago two years was a success . 
czech is raised of the economic crisis shining , worked the gas crisis and organised a summit for the . 
government fall very in at time is designated as a aspect negative , that back seriously to . 
representation czech in the has by the many time commitments . 
words of the her : & apos ; a good mighty & apos ; , not only the presidency , but also the financial crisis , that is now trying . 
another hand , there that approve the budget for seven years of the , caused by the current economic situation , much more very . 
the budget is more simple and effective , ? what sectors will priority , what countries will greater support and what least ? is something that will present in the agenda of the next meeting . 
her also reminded their main , with the that was to : & apos ; of with clarity & apos ; . 
& apos ; true is that not i them the , the or the that the people not understand & apos ; . 
& apos ; ? can a citizen understand that not in is busy of truth the cucumbers the cucumbers or , bananas of various sizes or that nobody we will to ban the cheese of ? & apos ; . 
to from more from of environment of the and closer to more citizens czech to the institutions european . 
expected the of the multi-speed 
the her , the czech have eurosceptics reputation and the people is more well the aspects negative that the positive . 
, the low participation of the czech in the institutions european . 
fault is of a of factors , as the of our candidates , their inability for write motivation messages , but also the little support of the czech . 
of success of the presidency czech , that of highlighted the force and the cooperation of . 
& apos ; that when who to me a polish and a hungarian and is i about a who , a french to my hand i says : & apos ; ? , already you been , the of ? & apos ; , and is that not you ago no grace & apos ; . 
the future , to the , according , you new policy regulations budgetary for the member . 
is as something very real of concept of the two multi-speed , if not are more , very not in that the new of & apos ; the & apos ; . 
& apos ; countries in the and countries outside of the & apos ; . 
& apos ; the space and we also the cooperation procedure from & apos ; . 
& apos ; said by first time that only the countries that want and the that not , that is unpunished outside & apos ; . 
& apos ; procedures will every time more and reinforced the of the two multi-speed & apos ; , is expected . 
this sense , also preparing the role of and of will also in principle implementation , according the which all the subjects that affect to the whole of the is must discuss between the states member , not only between the member of the . 
: 
innovative found their second existence century 
someone a term that with great precision the strategy of , the more shorter would & apos ; long long-term & apos ; . 
the public general , is the symbol of a technological revolution , a company that is as current and , without however , already have appropriations hundred years since their foundation . 
basis of this nature the that the first head of the signing , the vision 
he coined the motto of that many world problems have solution if the people is ready to think . 
motto & apos ; ! & apos ; is became in their stamped , also in their stamped , in about the which is fare build the life of future heralded ( was internal magazine that began to publish in ) . 
also was the basis of a company culture with . 
& apos ; us , means a thinking to long long-term , a movement beside in direction the future . 
has and been during hundred years by that reason , because is remained faithful to their principles basic , but without fear to the changes around . 
we has allowed , during our first century , into the technology , the business and the society . 
mutual still more still in second century & apos ; , stated during their anniversary , the current director of the company . 
system 
, already in years 30 , is of care of their employees as the entrepreneur of in ( the employees of were of the first workforce americans that of holiday , sure , uniform elegant and a remains system that to the best and sellers . 
same to long long-term the maintained in the relationship with the client . 
since the principle the company it be ( the be a of the first companies world in end with any discrimination kind , could choose without problems ) . 
the line of the strategy tackle is the current plan of , by the that to what the year that next a woman : . 
already has working thirty years already in where has been sales head , and strategies . 
the last years has participated of the called events lot , ideas rain in line , of the that arise redesign of future strategies and bringing . 
is of general that ideas , therefore in signing almost working half million of people . 
institution with good ensure 
position set in the business provided to the company a internal image and external strong . 
& apos ; the principle , remained a institution concept more that of technological company & apos ; , says the becker teacher of the and of book on . 
& apos ; not is a technological company , but a company that is resolve business problems for users of the technology & apos ; , of the . 
the own company says there a difference between into directly in the business and create a business . 
- or the & apos ; & apos ; - as is the known in the to cause of their logo , is has become in the last hundred years in a of the elderly world companies . 
possibly the company technological more ( therefore develops equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services risk website within of a wider services range , that will since servants to ) . 
the greater patent number of all the companies faith and five of their employees have received the prize . 
their is are the cash , the payment cards , the financial , the bars codes and the . 
this year 220 thousand million of dollars . year is has first become in the second technological signing by adjustable of market ( the is ) , when wasted by first time in 1996 to . 
the future 
all the products and just bringing of satisfy the will of the customers and the time ( not by their own operational system , / 2 , services just not in computers ) . 
& apos ; their business is on not in move , can emotionally in last & apos ; , extended . 
that , not has problems not in their foundations also in other platforms ( and , if not work , the or ) . 
this the difference of the competition , that all is maintained and , always exclusively with . 
of future 
sales question , is spins on all to services , of the that approximately a fifth part are of programmes and other equipment fifth . 
all , still in the equipment represented more of the half of the share of the suppliers . 
from of year 2000 , has sold active of under performance by a value total of 15 thousand million of dollars . in the same period , has made 58 thousand million of dollars in the technology buying of future . 
investments have followed since 2008 , when by first time is itself the modern financial crisis world . 
acts according the premises of their first head , who during the great economic crisis of 29 increased the investments . 
that to now the company has known the crisis . 
value of the actions of since the year start 2008 has grown to a 120 % , the benefit net of the company not has longer of increase . 
motto of is amended all , unless their value . 
can , therefore , wait that when missed the next crisis , this heralded flexible . 
of : since the of meats to the flights space 
company ( ) is kemal ago in hundred years , being their original name . 
name is which already in year - is was of a mark used in the of and of . 
basis that was place the birth of from of the merger of four companies that is extend to the 1990s of . 
as the famous & apos ; clock of & apos ; , that allows control the entry and exit of the employees . 
architect of the new company was the business man , who to also warmly their council realised . 
the head of a company of the competition , for that what with the management of the company . 
new leader the founder of ( the ideas of are being the basis firm on the that is the culture and identity ) . 
fuelled the company to the year kuan . 
, such as points their name , began with the production and sale of all equipment kind for business , since of meat and cheese to boxes statements . 
the four first years that fuelled the company , the turnover is in 9 million of dollars and began the great expansion of the company by the continents . 
so was crucial for the company that , almost after forty years may the head wheelchair , was potential by their son , . 
their direction , began to work in the development of the artificial intelligence and developed the first programming language . 
the years 60 the personal and the computers of to the to the flights the space ( to , and in 1969 the famous flight to the ) . 
therefore , therefore in developed the first computers generation , the series / 360 . 
& apos ; & apos ; , that the computers standard of at time , came the market with the name of in 1981 . 
years after , marketed their computers production to the company china , the which , by their part , gained the auditing part of the company and began to offer a completely advice and services of high value added . 
strategy that has paid these three last years is the concept , is say , & apos ; a planet more intelligent & apos ; . 
aim is do a use more rational of the technology , although still not is have planned the areas or is just has the circumstances , by example , still not just in and the cities administration . 
the trade sector , not presented ago much the platform & apos ; & apos ; that allows to the retailers manage the cycle trade completely . 
has a long history in this country . 
in existing was a branch then in existing was a branch in the of the had in the and . 
here , the operates also the strategic centre of here also in 
headquarters for and has here is in . there a reputation research team world that working with the voice recognition . 
about of their husband : 
! , calm to that , that already not what i ! 
( 53 ) said ! is over ! 
of that their husband ( 53 ) is had also become in the only fretting of ( 45 ) , but their zeus , pursued taking the hope of that is of their rose-tinted dream and would to home . 
however already not will to wait and has established rules clear for the life however already not in 
& apos ; can again to home , but already not as my couple & apos ; , he . 
took during the summer to not in their home , could or imagine how around their marriage . 
despite of the request , not is had shift thirty days after of and not occasion to the struggling . 
declared should that the loved . 
the time , is , apparently accepted the relationship of their husband and even is of he for always . 
not you care with who is their woman . 
a day with , their woman not what not in with the open sit . 
the father of my children and , if want live the rest of their life in our home , nobody what & apos ; . 
& apos ; here not špidla already as my wanted and old that is , but as a man the that i between certain links & apos ; , said and levelled that already is had of their husband and only stayed here not already only in 
to now not you care that is woman you has closed the back door . 
& apos ; the decision of my woman & apos ; . 
& apos ; with and not there change possible & apos ; . 
& apos ; woman set this as a marriage on the role and i what respect & apos ; . 
& apos ; company still in , i the of home , the garden , the home , i the purchases & apos ; . 
& apos ; and i we with as , what only is that not we bed , said . 
a new love , he not is . 
& apos ; together and she not i interested , or where will or if has some . 
know that is fault my , i of and authority all the responsibility & apos ; , concluded . 
worst hands of the women : ? is refer to you ? 
to the men that are able of quote some classic hands of the women , in general every one of them the without think . 
women , ? you in the lines following , where is certain hands that obtaining do the blood to the male ? 
of purchases 
? to their average orange that has on of the purchases ? 
? that afford by what least a in week ? 
? like buy to often in cheap ? 
in their case is can say that purchases go is has become in a vice . 
women is give account that should appease their by the purchases , by what least a little . 
to see , ? what woman could the wander temptation without more by the clothes shops , well seek and after all well in ( in all different colours ) ? 
for the majority of the women go of purchases is a playground , for the men can virtually become in hell . 
democrat how sometimes already you has said to their couple that better the front of the door . 
dissatisfaction constant 
& apos ; ? too i blind ? & apos ; 
& apos ; by what least five 75-kilo - ? should start to do exercise ? & apos ; 
& apos ; ? truth you will ? & apos ; 
? you hypocritical these sentences ? 
? that yes ? 
is a of these women by their aspect . 
is that you should stop of , but many men are to listen to their couple all the time of their aspect physical . 
strong sex also is of agreement also in as more increases the often of the complaints , more is them the women . 
order and the have in first place 
as a . 
the windows , through the , the soil , validity the dust , the bath and all that by what least two sometimes by week . 
? to their couple that you has the soil fair with a ordinary dirty , to their children that have littered a would rolls and a with glass doors that therefore you cost its ? 
case of that you this & apos ; treated & apos ; , to be aware of that nothing is should improve and that the order and the surely have not should surely be not in . 
have i could their relations and the welfare family . 
comments become 
& apos ; category is leave with the clothes laundry . & apos ; 
& apos ; also morning these category & apos ; 
& apos ; ! worth not not is in soil ! & apos ; 
ago these to their couple more sometimes the day , will that so will bag of their skilled . 
. not want say bad nothing , only want get that all not is only in 
time , if the men this , the women , by their part , not would many comments . 
and 
some women them will also the , the , but also the and the against someone . 
women is in the relations , by that them like about kind things institutes who , where , with who , how and by what . 
what better to every a of protection to sometimes is you a small and . 
the hand almost in the heart , this is own of all the women . 
another hand , there women of these that not is monitored , to the that them love and what do to often , to all and are dangerous for the that the around , on all not often around in . 
and with their to through the 
of championships part the monday in the i of with two that the victory on the 5 : 3 again in the i of with two that the victory on the 5 : 3 in the of and 
both cases availed the ground of the star of 39 years , and was a step more and was declared better party player . 
two also in the party and the about of , . 
the i , stated to the journalists of overseas that had predicted a great night . 
& apos ; before of party you had said that would & apos ; . 
& apos ; & apos ; . 
& apos ; sometimes seem & apos ; , he , after of that their action you a to , to as of first of . 
member after also the second team intervention had a trace czech . 
is was with the by behind of the of the and what between the circles to , that . 
second before of the first pause a local player , was , but since the principle of the second part already the . 
by . 
cooperate with the third , after of that their is by the fourth of the of . 
& apos ; love around with he & apos ; . 
& apos ; i say that be the better player of the , but without doubt is between the three best & apos ; , to their central . 
& apos ; is i would happened that the end of my career was to around with a as he & apos ; . 
& apos ; very pleased of this & apos ; . 
& apos ; around for he & apos ; . 
these years now in the , my colleagues for me , and that is results & apos ; , adds . 
still became the party still in drama , with the of and then of new of , of , to only to a of distance . 
not allowed more complications , although ended overcome not in of two against one . 
& apos ; had a good action in our field & apos ; . 
& apos ; the , i at and is was towards the part more & apos ; . 
& apos ; of the and i pleased because what lovingly & apos ; , the last of such party as what lived . 
their victory , is has since in head of the . 
ombudsman czech of , not playing to the party end against , not in second third is - by a minor in the part higher of body . 
not only lost a player with very experience not only very also in a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 . 
not it take one of the fired . 
that the points recovered the local coach the great amount of only in the last class , and around the party with five defenceless . 
& apos ; is bad & apos ; . 
& apos ; the party only with a player off , the rest were & apos ; . 
& apos ; end , but is that against that not is can do nothing , we that with this & apos ; , said . 
& apos ; to the players is came against us , not what we & apos ; . 
& apos ; that simplify more still the at , from the of our field & apos ; . 
& apos ; so stop of & apos ; , he one of the defenceless , . 
played with thirty speeches of in the victory of 5 : 2 on the . 
goals of were marketing by five players that so put end to a series of that already five parties . 
have out the prices of the travel since 1989 
1989 then had only in the of five travel agencies state no-fly : , and . 
travel agencies of at time only in the majority of the cases travel the bloc socialist , therefore the travel to very were . 
tourists czech would , by therefore , of holiday to the beaches of the ( ) , to the , ( in the ) to and ( both in the ) and to ( ) . 
positive exception was the period for between 1962 and 1972 , when is could travel to , without however , after the regime is towards the east and the travel of the tourists czech then were quite . 
great somewhat of socialism was the fact that to the bloc citizens socialist ( or be , also to the ) not is them travel free and processing or even by the countries socialists . 
a citizen wanted travel processing , by example , to or to the , needed a invitation letter , if not , the individual journey not was possible . 
journey agencies also in those times travel the , but one is should put to the eu with a eye together and through so all the night , or have & apos ; good known & apos ; so in agency . 
so not all was cattle . 
so-called & apos ; change promise & apos ; that was the condition for the travel the , not is to the & apos ; people politically little reliable & apos ; , that so not could not travel politically so not in 
currency not was a currency freely converted and , without change guarantee , not was possible obtain the resources ( the western currency ) for travel to . 
great majority of the czech experience their holiday still in their own country , by what that had a great infestation number and summer houses , that the czech . practice . 
travel way of the czech has suffered since 1989 a real revolution . 
that to 1989 for us was the not will more through the holiday not in or , the last year the czech did producing million of holiday travel to countries of all the world . 
great somewhat , of the that today day already not we aware , the fact of that the destination currently odds-on , to 1989 not is could freely travel , because was part of the of then . 
principles of the years 90 is imposed the visa exemption for travel to the neighbours of western , what that resulted a huge wave of visits of short long-term , to or . 
, during much time , not is see of the , all the world wanted see the what least by a time . 
example , in the czech groups in the parks already in the czech groups in the parks in campaign shops , pay a hotel or pension . 
typical feature of the czech of at time was the be for the food ( canned , pieces , etc ) for save . 
important time was the introduction of the of the crown czech , so our tourists could finally , after of decades , freely buy western currency . 
life level and with he also the wages media , what that around of 1997 resulted a increase also in travel demand . 
the increase of the travel demand detected the agencies , to from of 1997 with addressed , to preparation the travel using the flights adequate , what that down was incredibly the prices of the travel down incredibly in the last , thank to the possibility of obtain contributions by the passengers volume . 
end of the 90 of last century , already the czech themselves without visa to almost all the countries developed , exception , what which still more our travel . 
time interesting in the tourism history already happened in the tourism history happened in , thank to a huge demand , the first flight direct since to a country , and was to . 
at year , proceed all the years flights direct with tourists czech was distant countries and . winter already directly is since to 12 destinations . 
countries the akin currently close of 100 thousand czech the year . 
time interesting of this time , that symbolises our development , was in the year 2008 . 
17 of november of 2008 , squeezed the visa for the tourists czech , with what that our country happened to be between the countries more world developed . 
2008 the czech , by first time in their history , have last more of the half of their holiday abroad in their history , have last more of the half of their holiday in the abroad spent in the spent in travel the thousand billion czech by head , including the expenses in the stay website . 
for choose the president , that could end of new in point died . 
ago almost five months the football czech is without president and is likely that the successor of as of the of ( ) , not is or after the call of the next that will place this thursday ago almost not in 
fact , still not is has come to a agreement on the vote rules to continue . 
the same , not is will even vote for choose between the three candidates . 
interested to the football czech are , and . 
to their office not in june without before rectify to their colleagues with the purpose of find a strong person that football deals before in future . 
however , after of conclusion the was , is used a controversy between the two of the unable partnership of come to a agreement for decisions a common candidate . 
became in fact the 16 of september when had that elected the new president . 
delegates of the is met in vain in the ( ) , on in the area of , because the discussions is had blocked and not only not only in vain in the ( ) , on in the area of , because the discussions is had blocked and in 
is was to no consensus or in as to who only in as to who in the had right to vote - also the delegates with a powers . 
from of that time and because to this only point , because is in agreement part-time , also supported by the recommendation of and , according the which the representation by a powers not is possible . 
however , the disputes on the electoral code are open . 
light on the situation already not could should or the that , already not in , or extraordinary , all justic nothing . 
opinion on the vote possibility has changed a couple of sometimes already , but the point nerve still being the same . 
question is the next : ? of what way proceed in the third round for avoid the point died ? 
& apos ; dispute about revolves in to if is must proceed of agreement with the or find another model & apos ; , says , one of the three of the , that , since the direction of the partnership , represents the professional . 
the model proposed in the , in the third round going at candidate that have greater support percentage in the federation to the which will their candidacy . 
of is ready to come to a compromise for that can win at candidate with a greater percentage votes total in both . 
part bohemia , without however , which the condition of that the winner , according these are , should have the majority of the least two thirds . 
& apos ; you , without however , the sense to the two previous rounds and by completely the system concept & apos ; , so is as understand the concerns of the part , according what which what better would not play the order and vote according the files . 
what said , quickly , is of agreement also , although is that the electoral regulation established by the of all the candidates be more to . 
& apos ; like that is the agreement maximum with the & apos ; . 
& apos ; that not is no about of the representatives as not in last & apos ; , says the cases of , that is by first time as candidate and that us their comments mainly in of . 
still being positive . 
he , decide in is on the new president and he believes that the candidates in the way future constructive . 
& apos ; the is with the today party of our national team in the . 
& apos ; football will to be leading , and so is more to will & apos ; says the representative of , that of the three candidates has more experience so in management , therefore to level professional as regional . 
is the more reluctant . 
& apos ; that is comes to a agreement , but , by unfortunately , the situation much is more very . & apos ; 
& apos ; is of conflict between and , but there attempts of the rules to their own convenience . & apos ; 
& apos ; can have as result a new deadlock of the . & apos ; 
& apos ; all any , hope that is band the common sense & apos ; , said . 
not is much time for that all the parties are to a agreement . 
negotiations had that take completely in , but ? who can know to that start the party if the football team will ? 
special air , not in the that had that travel to , between other the and , has out this morning by technical problems in , taking that other a alternative for carry to committee part executive the place where will place the classification party . 
the decisive meeting , by end , could be the that will place to level ministerial , that , according have , is will this wednesday . 
, minister of , and , you like much integrate to the parties divided to the organisation sports more powerful of country for that is comes to a agreement . 
much in : the benefits state , the football credibility and also the next of central of the sport federation ( ) that big made of a new direction the sport czech after the financial problems of the home of . 
by achieve the presidency , because not is a candidate more appropriate . 
the head of the of , before of the extraordinary the name of a candidate appropriate that all their ideas on the new president of the of ( ) , or is introduce as candidate to a since so relevant . 
& apos ; would a appropriate person , would fighting by she and not i introduce as candidate to the elections . & apos ; 
& apos ; to the today day not is has been find a person so & apos ; , said for the of ( ) 
that grounds to into exactly in the challenge with and is the block possibility to , the course winner of the elections , that opens the way to the presidency of the of ( ) . 
also that , also in through , only in the president office to 2013 , when ground the time of the general ordinary house . 
that office you like see to a expert and good workforce that not too is related with the events fans . 
& apos ; i about with some people to the that could have in account & apos ; . 
& apos ; me was a madness hear to some say that even in this time or want identify with the football czech . & apos ; 
& apos ; like change that vision & apos ; , adds . 
that supposed more bother to in this time is the relationship of with the of the of , a man with a last controversial , known outside of as a with influence capacity in the vote of the delegates in the house general . 
so is unacceptable see to but so in presidential . 
& apos ; case of that , is nazarbayev the status existing and nothing in the football will & apos ; . 
& apos ; the support of , a business ambitious man , the football rather still least from & apos ; , said . 
also the fact of that ago a years the name of was e-commerce with a usual telephone during the research of a corruption case , of the which went . 
& apos ; know what prestige the football could bring the victory of . & apos ; 
& apos ; with what eyes we plead the and the & apos ; , said , that also decision-making with certain caution their previous declaration that & apos ; the if is also become in & apos ; . 
the case of win the thursday elections , could be the cooperation with in the future . 
same opinion is the another candidate , that has been supported by before of the of september that end in a . 
& apos ; ( ) would the first the that event & apos ; . 
& apos ; very capable . & apos ; 
& apos ; what could imagine , by example , as head of the representation & apos ; . 
& apos ; but not as workforce of a partnership & apos ; . 
& apos ; not the there where not i am capable & apos ; , added , that not in attention by support the from of the of by , potential after by . 
accepts that is to manage the partnership . 
to their management capacities of the private companies , therefore since the last summer also is the of , that with their support therefore took also in first division . 
& apos ; force for change some things in the football area and make to their practice safe . & apos ; 
& apos ; reduce the influence of some pressure groups , that probably tend to probably influence in committee decisions refunded and of appeal , taking situations become , said without so their towards the president of . 
of the priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the and the , with the aid of which pressure on the political leaders for that disproportionately more money the sport of the taxes of the announces . 
& apos ; one of the problems key the that is should conducting the new president . & apos ; 
& apos ; the taxes on the random games , as what the political parties , support their arguments , but , frankly , have that us where will to stop all this money & apos ; , out . 
, now not now has not in their partnership with the , although he same says that the of the must be & apos ; an & apos ; . 
is to their time e-commerce with and with of . 
& apos ; is ideal . & apos ; 
& apos ; not i sense the yield fact preach my actions of to other person for then again there after a year and half & apos ; , said . 
promised to the new that with the point died of the elections . 
days before of the of the of one of the candidates to the presidency , promised that , definitely in case of elected , effective that the had a new that for right , in the future , the controversy in as the regulation electoral . 
representative of is positive in as to the meeting of this thursday in , and believes that the conflict could move towards a solution today with the possible football team victory . 
before of the elections not not made in , firstly promised , firstly in of elected , precisely in representation and in power funds . 
participate in the last minute well in the last minute in the last general house , by what that this until of two months you could go , in a context more broader , their ideas on the football management . 
& apos ; people of all the levels is as of football already ago much time and expected know this thursday the new . & apos ; 
& apos ; that has come the time of that someone the partnership & apos ; , think the man that is couples mainly with the of , but that mainly worked in and in the committee executive of the . 
this reason , believes have enough experience for manage the football czech . 
convinced that behind of the current problems with the elections is the euphoria that hung in the time of . 
& apos ; , not in the june general were adopted the that so were lifts as all ideologically . & apos ; 
& apos ; certain interpretations , we a president already since september & apos ; , emergency . 
the of document more important of the is as for who to the delegates . 
& apos ; i president , i what ballot as a personal challenge and i prepared to i in case of that this . & apos ; 
& apos ; a principles question , without the which not we there & apos ; , says . 
, not in theory , is fight with their opponents . 
in the last had your that is was mercy with , the that respects by their training also in the last had your that is was mercy with , the that respects by their training in , being aware of that their would 
was much time without attack to who , the contrary of , not he pawn with head . 
& apos ; more of a year already in the football world , and has achieved some successes . & apos ; 
& apos ; attacks but were and very people became amazed by the electoral campaign . & apos ; 
& apos ; that many of them on their real nature & apos ; , said to their rosales , that still being faithful to the statements already announced still already in 
weapon more powerful is , according he , their football knowledge , since the sports more lowest to the with . 
last should be of football promotion . 
& apos ; , right all the that arose to cause of the as year corruption scandal last result . & apos ; 
& apos ; after i ago in the negotiations with the sector public and the private , for ensure that has enough money for all the football & apos ; , said two months to the candidate of 46 years . 
continuation also promised that their appointment as football president not no personal change of the . 
& apos ; that first know the tasks of every employed & apos ; , said wave to where , after a long period of , has a comprehensible . 
despite of the scenarios lack current that is to the next general house , he believes that the delegates not not travel in this thursday to . 
& apos ; the only disagreement point will how vote in the third round , without doubt what we overcome . 
& apos ; football needs credibility , the which recover is only if by end has a leader & apos ; , still two days before of the but more decisive recover only still in still being positive . 
promises , that under their leadership , the to work with wish . 
very in the quarter its elected the current vice-president as new president of the of , people is and surely . 
promises that , in case of elected , is hard . 
implemented a systematic change and do that the committee member executive are responsible of every football area processing . 
is goal to resolve the case of the , improve the relations with the and the , get more money for the football and continue with the work started by the previous president . 
& apos ; president , i like producing by completely the football & apos ; . 
& apos ; the international contacts with the and the to the selection , and by the football professional or the invariably of young of high performance . & apos ; 
& apos ; this not i say that what would all only & apos ; , not said only apos in . 
& apos ; a team player and i division the committee powers executive of such way that every member can who to a area 68 . & apos ; 
& apos ; difficult tasks for that the football can , forward in every one of these , continue with much momentum & apos ; . 
& apos ; very people this probably not you , because mean start to very work hard and not only criticise the work of the others & apos ; , added . 
to the criticism atmosphere not in the movement , is says that has considered the possibility of stand of new as candidate . 
& apos ; know , that work 20 hours everyday . & apos ; 
& apos ; need know that this will sense and that not will people behind of my that clearly i and to every step & apos ; , he so the reasons of their . 
& apos ; people i has said that not i asked by folk , because then is fico by also the others & apos ; . 
& apos ; is of have faith for not so leave , without more & apos ; , said . 
say , you also grounds continue the work that already began with . 
& apos ; these two years , is end a great work part that not i that now is along & apos ; . 
& apos ; processes that is had started and that will their effect within of a years couple and not i like that someone the & apos ; , announced concerned by the fact of that , if the another candidate , the situation not in partnership could again to be such as was before of the time of . 
& apos ; i in the order , and is something that , not in the order , and is something that , in my opinion , 
& apos ; of he is on all that people that is of football for that only outside a privileged for a few elected . & apos ; 
& apos ; i can a things lot , but not the fact of that i to favour of someone . & apos ; 
& apos ; aim . & apos ; 
& apos ; do a football for all , because only so well is all and not only the elected & apos ; , said . 
also the idea that only serious golden the president . 
& apos ; some people seeking say what contrary , i in mind do what maximum by . & apos ; 
& apos ; example , is think time in the division fact the second division in a part czech and in other , whose winners to the first division & apos ; . 
& apos ; is would the current situation only in the that we three equipment of , what that represents a problem for the young players & apos ; , said . 
to the of the elections presidential is , president of , not is of believe not in possibilities of elected . 
& apos ; am have a strong support of the , the which i made as their vice-president and that know that behind of me there successes clear & apos ; , said , whose successes understand the saving of a tens of million of billion of contracts , the contracts negotiations and the negotiations on the law of the announces . 
another hand , recognised their fault part not in that the federation is united . 
while civilized that is & apos ; for restore the confidence in the football czech & apos ; , as the another contravention , as a strong candidate that yes has something that offer the football . 
& apos ; can for that was a great work by the at year & apos ; . 
& apos ; the case of that elected , probably will what that already began and not of way significantly the of personal probably already not significantly not significantly in 
& apos ; i use that to my favour & apos ; , so to their rival . 
bath more fine of 
the blue 
by 
since a present incredible , formerly formerly bathing in visit can live their blue , and , after a visit to the city or a , rest their in bathing . 
book shows where is the better welfare in the water . 
was a research journey during the year and last half , had something that not could not in luggage , a . 
of back on the water , looked the pablo back in high , towards the of , that the expecting in the on of the newly-acquired and is to the newly-acquired leaks restored . 
short the bathing , longer note in their the time of all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the building history . 
more of 200 bath of this way and the is in their recent book & apos ; & apos ; : the bath covered in , the historical palaces of bathing in the , the & apos ; concrete processing & apos ; in . 
their & apos ; journey by the bathing more circumstances of & apos ; by 13 countries : of , and , visited places of , the czech , and a city respectively in and . 
german of 46 years is a real keen of the bathing culture . 
want have nothing that see with the sport , says , only the water is different . 
you bother that the who the bathing have that with blue and strong to allocated , while that the who to closing can breathe the fascinating smell of the forests of or listen the flair of the birds in the park . 
& apos ; day i asked by what the bath have that always be so & apos ; , says this head of . 
& apos ; to bath fine . & apos ; 
water surface greater the architecture . 
in the newly-acquired and the meats of the . welfare factor so in the newly-acquired and the meats of the . welfare factor in the bath is 
if the benefited is intensive , the bath covered can be a real gift for the view : & apos ; soil place , in the bathing is has a water surface . & apos ; 
& apos ; a part is transparent , by other part reflects the beauty of all the building . & apos ; 
is : the highest , the of colours , the . 
book with photographs in small format & apos ; & apos ; very provided in small format & apos ; & apos ; mainly provided in pages data welfare historical , but , does wish of community the blue . 
, the of bath which the copies leading in their research in . 
to the bathing as the bathing of , of 100 years , is are the waters with bathing-water in a peculiar ( bathing in so in a peculiar ( bathing in ) , of waters and is are in a building with bottleneck way ( in ) . 
bath in and offered view spectacular : all the city being the eyes in the newly-acquired of , is can look to , snow leaks , since the newly-acquired foreign of a bathing there in and offered view spectacular : all the city being the eyes in the newly-acquired of , is can look to , snow leaks , since the newly-acquired foreign of a bathing in . , and : the bathing turkish 
design , such time , more so expected to the customers so in water cathedral of seems a that has of landed in the . 
three open sources draft in winter , while that of fund the mountains of is raising in the sky . 
in the 
, the of bath , not you the smell to not allocated in the bath . 
bathing to sulphur , in the bathing of so in the bathing of in , the fever to is believes have come to a bathing health . 
smell next of the waters that contain and whose is to the fur the into in the newly-acquired , a it of welfare of a special way . 
also also is in place in their places search for the bathing , when wanted visit bath and sun bathing in the bathing czech of , is found with a ground blocked . 
bathing of architect was closed . 
to through of the building red windows , white and sikh , was the bath grow between the . 
culture in a newly-acquired in the : the in . 
bathing have three construction phases after of yes ; not only is can be times elements of their construction not only not also in a calculating lifestyle arab , added in . 
their modernisation not only in 1995 , the is the bathing odds-on of the of bath , and because be natural of the . 
& apos ; much different merit encourage so in a unit fantastic & apos ; , says . 
a palacio so the apparently not in the newly-acquired spa very has importance . 
agricultural 
analysing the business of the well raw 

? the to their business with well raw agricultural ? 
information of , has responsibility a work group for check the consequences of the speculation for the poor of world . 
january , the consortium head want show the consequences . 
, 
the citizens , the subject is clear , according a study , the 84 by % of the germans not them seems acceptable that the banks with the raw agricultural well as the planting or the maize . 
thirds of the that the and other institutions is from of this business because formation the problems of the more poor of world . 
is the result of a survey by course of the consumers organisation . 
study is on in a report presented to middle of october . 
author shows that the betting on the regulator of well raw global do higher the prices , and the banks toll with the problem responsibility hunger world . 
consumer ombudsman campaign is us in particular to , director of , although the large banks as or way analogous act . 
, the betting on well raw is schiedermeier for protect to the their of the of the prices . 
main experts are of agreement in that the players is have of the takeover and demands , and earnings of the costs of the more poor . 
to the way different criticisms that the competitors americans : review the demands and said that no business & apos ; deserves engage the good reputation of & apos ; . 
information of , a work international group is the report demands of . 
analysis must be complete to end of year , then is presented the results to the directive of , together with the recommendation of how the subject . 
january end , the bank direction of the consequences . 
end could be a business reduction of the raw well , or even their total relinquishing . 
is blinkers their image . 
, founder of , took the news , but us-wide their criticisms the financial sector : & apos ; betting to prices growing of food way show especially drastic how the banks currently the welfare public . & apos ; 
is as the greater banking , especially in obligations . 
& apos ; must official all the investments of their portfolio in the that with in at the money for prices betting food & apos ; , stated . 
& apos ; as if is the issue of the people that is hunger or the reputation of . & apos ; 
inspection of is surprising to first view , but is clear that the consortium head want offer a perfect few image months before of stop their since . 
monday , the published that the president of the junta directive will different something to what not in administration council . 
the relinquishing of the controversial agricultural speculation can their image . 
needs that hardly you possible losses , of that is their successor . 
thirds the investment well in raw 
is intensive in keep high the pressure on the workforce . 
the time , more of 30,000 have participated in the campaign of the organisation . 
tuesday , published the survey for the that the domestically had to people the 7 and 8 of november . 
the 10 by % was legitimate that the investments in the that is the prices of the food . 
bank customers were personal consequences the be that their bank in such business : according the survey , two thirds all the investments of the that its money of the speculation agricultural . 
43 by % a bank so to their known , the 49 by % , after of think , official their account and is replaced to another institute . 
home 21 in 
flag made 

architecture history with ups and a happy end , the flag of the universal austrian explanatory of 1958 successful awarding , was in for a museum , is became we and is . 
is as exhibitions home . 
architecture of modern , the clear forms , the of glass , the and the new construction materials , classic of thinking on the technical progress , for what that , the architect flag for the explanatory universal of 1958 is a appropriate example and known . 
of successful then the of by their there and floating steel construction and glass . 
construction is as to the today a milestone contemporary of the architecture . 
the architect so known that also was the flag of so also in explanatory universal . 
their tower of four for more the building globally in , happened to be known . 
flag , designed as a temporary construction for exhibitions is after of the explanatory universal in the together to the southern station of , supposedly is in the together to the southern station of , is in 1962 and within is ; home 20 & apos ; . 
building was appropriate but of the areas and suitable technology for a museum ; without no wall for art , or a good environment . 
despite of this is used to that the art contemporary in had a new home . 
building is we since 2001 and every time more . 
, the architect the flag , now what out & apos ; home 21 & apos ; and now is in future as museum of art contemporary . 
tuesday by the later supposedly is the museum , the that belongs the home , with the first explanatory , a coup of fortunately supposedly fortunately in . 
, the new director of the gallery austrian since 2007 , not a new start . 
, in art history with a considerable career , between other things , pablo on ice in their youth , more later in , the museum and museum director of art modern of , was the reforms with the insistence of political and protectors of the monuments , public funds and private and set their use . 
art exception contemporary , is disturbed the works of the foundation , should have a cafeteria and a and also built a offices building . 
at , budget under 
was the better election for do . 
only because of way sensitive the then of only then not in and is you the contest , if because with in the of and the flag was for he a & apos ; important place and vast & apos ; , almost in the of and the flag was for he a & apos ; important place and vast & apos ; , in the that & apos ; 
the project and the building problem , that with their it to easily in their use change with generosity and . 
the current reforms there large problems , the building was & apos ; a of energy & apos ; , said . 
changed the profile of the windows of the glass disturbing , is a glass reinforced with very of glass and is the glass homeless by a security glass special . 
bridges and the of steel is or and the ceilings of is . 
vaults is for the new use , a panel of light fallen between the home and the street provided the , a bridge serves for into the building almost new , but still the flag of . 
the foreign original doors , the home is in subscribe old and against the . 
the cinema room exactly is as was before . 
all this with a control at by part of the monuments office and a under budget . 
& apos ; often had that find material that outside good , cheap and also reminiscences to the monuments protection office & apos ; , says and means of a soil often also in 
despite of all the pressure , problems and reforms , the building is maintained flexible and superfluous . 
of flag & apos ; that wine of & apos ; has been difficult , ago stated little , a typical & apos ; emergence accidental ago in history of the city & apos ; . 
architecture so is & apos ; always so always certainly in place & apos ; and by that wanted & apos ; the appropriate awareness & apos ; . 
this case the home 21 not not is in wrong place , has happened a coup of fortunately . completely new and & apos ; area of the central station & apos ; , with housing and offices , together is the . 
such time take another coup of fortunately : home 21 could receive a forward of other construction of , therefore the von has purchased the art temporary room and , as is re-entry , negotiate with the city on a place neighbour fortunately in . 
last-minute a winter crisis package that out to million 
company has a crisis plan , that the of the trains in winter . 
the number of personal . 
that costs million . 
the fight against the and delays of the trains caused by the winter , is has spent in this year more of 70 million of eur , according a nature . 
newspaper & apos ; & apos ; informed , strong a crisis internal plan of group , of the investments will to 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of eur . 
what that is must get a better availability of the vehicles and of the network railway still with a time extreme . 
other things , is the internal employees and integrated to jobs for with the snow of the ways and of the . 
aim is its the of snow and ice for the functioning and the 90 by % of the necessary overtime for the functioning in the term of four to five hours . 
two months , president of , of and delays also in the trains during this winter after a summit with the government and the industry . 
last winter suffered considerable problems already in the passenger transport , that , between other things , you reserves to conditions perfectly . 
regional new trains have years waiting a authorisation of the federal office railway . 
there a delay in the over of the trains of high at . 
working since years in check the important of the trains of high at with often in check the important of the trains of high at with in of a & apos ; s in the station central of . 
paid fines in the 
of on the president , is a new problem of the , the must pay there a fined . 
if the problems not like enough for the , their last not enough in the heralded of sector , the of paid million of dollars ( million of eur ) still in the heralded of sector , the of paid million of dollars ( million of eur ) in a agreement , for put end to the unleashed to the 
is of the titles sale . 
published of financial markets to many large banks to the amended of credit with thinking promises to buy financial products ; have the risks . 
titles lost their value during the financial crisis and shocked to the banks to the day . 
& apos ; satisfied of power clearly the issue without that the parties have that come to the courts & apos ; , said a spokesman of clearly in 
bank not accepts no fault with the agreement . 
also is applies to , that forced a payment of million of dollars . 
, president of the , took the of both financial institutions . 
( ) is responsible of the amended of credit of the and passed support still in case of for protect the customers investments . 
is the losses of million . 
agreements currently closed are their first kind . 
regulator also had asked accounts to other large banks and also in against , the of and . 
the subject of the advertisements titles , is who of the called values by mortgages . 
is based in appropriations housing . 
the government buildings of the in 2007 , was to the to many financial entities . 
september of 2008 , in the point of the financial crisis , the investment bank us is outset . 
the results ago some years , currently a wind complicated for the banks americans . 
investors and the inspection have processes for receive compensation or worst . 
of ( in their ets in english ) has there the greater demands amount . 
to the 18 large international banks that the two agencies state americans and is have tapped of business of the mortgages approximately in a volume of 200 thousand million of dollars . 
the has a demand of the , is of business by value of thousand million of year dollars 2005 the 2007 . 
inspection requires that the of receive of & apos ; the substantial losses & apos ; , without consigned a figure accurate . 
rejected the debts as unfounded and he that want defending . 
towards with 10 thousand million to 
of the finance , invested with force in the company of the . 
march has on actions by a value of more of ten thousand million of dollars . 
now the great american investor always has not declared now invest always not in the already that the development prospects to long long-term of the companies are negative . 
has read the report trade of and changed their opinion on invest in the sector . 
understand much before that offers on all services and computers systems for the departments of the of other companies . 
the financial world , a investment of as is a honour . 
what therefore , the of the must unfair & apos ; & apos ; . 
currently in economy station that has on actions of by a thousands value of million of dollars since march . 
of investments has with this to a of the elderly of with a participation of 5.5 by % . 
said that not it to now compromise nothing . 
to the direction that is took of the profits ordinary in the economic crisis . 
& apos ; fact a work & apos ; , stated on the strategy . 
set since ago some time the services of the as the calculation centres functioning . 
old nevertheless computer of more of 100 years also offers software and advice so as case equipment for companies . 
prevented the technology companies to the date . 
that only in whose business . 
the contrary , availed the occasion in a goods train , in a manufacturer of or a draughtsman electronics . 
has close of approximately 80 reclassified own , so as part of all a series of large attendant as or , home . 
, of 81 years , is was office of the small company textile in the 60 and , with principles investments , the to her in a of the companies more world predicting . 
however , their life lifestyle is certain . 
that is a for countless investors of all the world . 
rapid and sense for win money you has provided the inquisitor of & apos ; of & apos ; . 
of be the investment of , the actions of in stock a one by % . 
& apos ; heralded blue & apos ; , as is known to , has a value together in stock of more of 220 thousand million of dollars and on , with and , between the technology companies more world predicting . 
, stated , not want cooperate . 
, their founder , is a friend intimate . 
threat is concrete 
the discovery of & apos ; the cell of & apos ; , the communication media state turks of right german . 
newspaper about of a & apos ; ideology bloody & apos ; that again to . 
for of eight small employers provide and greeks between the years 2001 and 2006 have a background of the extreme right . 
and in the population german of origin turkish is has towards with fear and concern to this news . 
many origin germans turkish which a that is died thought ago time , since the attacks with fires way in died in 1992 and in not in 1992 and in may of 1993 , episodes with background of extreme right against turks . 
however , never is has questioned that however never in . 
network 600 reveals a scale whose dimensions not were , or much least , . 
& apos ; ? to the ideology bloody ? & apos ; , the edition by newspaper internet turkish & apos ; & apos ; . 
newspaper & apos ; & apos ; by the contrary that one of the crime authors was a multifariously of the of the and is shows concerned by that the german authorities can multifariously involved in . 
community turkish in with , the week end reminded to the victims of the violence racist with a to the of . 
weeks before , the community turkish before together in the political germans and turks in a act formal of fifty agreement anniversary . 
them is that in scene with flair colours , as a history with happy end . 
information was to some media turks as a : & apos ; gift german by the fifty anniversary & apos ; , says the title of a article in the platform internet turkish & apos ; & apos ; , wave the background of the chain of for . 
emission german & apos ; & apos ; not should not in this connection mental . 
& apos ; to strong bad & apos ; , says the title of the spine of . 
that the killed were people that their taxes and did a important contribution with their work to the reconstruction of . 
the germans internet body of turkish , the behaviour of the police and their after success very in the is meetings another . 
authors is of that the german authorities not have much before not suspected in proving of the . 
is shows as least now given here in as to the media : & apos ; from of is lose , to the immigrants not them is more that the self-defence and the arms & apos ; . 
& apos ; will the better & apos ; . 
& apos ; peace internal of on are of the quality of the associate and of the adequacy of the penalty to all the network & apos ; . , says & apos ; & apos ; . 
that means that , if the internal peace of is in danger , the attacks of and is in nineties years . 
image of the fire ruins of is has incident easily in the german and turkish . 
another entire was more clearly to the turks that here live that there a threat concrete and , to the germans , that the mistrust and the distance can clearly here in . 
attacks the group sense of the part turkish . 
repeat the errors of last 
the press turkish is then listening mainly the minor of the policy german after the attacks , is denies to visit to the survivors of . 
the attack with fire way of sent a of condolences the turkish president and , their minister of , what in the of . in their speech what that contribute with the taxes the turks of . 
clear how is estimated the value of a person according the amount of their taxes . 
current information of the media turks again to show what conducting that is , since then , the mistrust of many germans of origin turkish again then in of this country . 
of effort of a explanation wider and of a of terrorism of extreme right in , this time do lack words . 
shores scandal bank of 
bank more of not not is in , if not in 
almost its in almost in then in crisis and since is of a crisis to the next . 
the us a german . 
that not what had thought . 
of their witnessed starting of the bank federal summit , in july is first that in 2013 almost also in july is first that in 2013 much in 2013 in a new and of great bank and lucrative step in their career . 
is am should , resolution by their beauty and to the by their would acquired strength and is fall comments on their future colleagues . 
& apos ; has achieved a revival & apos ; . 
& apos ; am cooperate with and & apos ; . 
september became clear that all would completely different . 
financial operators of the in prevented all the bank security systems and 1.7 thousand million of eur . 
, director general of the , a banker not only not known only in that come . 
council president administrative of the is was since then also , and all el : ? comes ? 
first that must necessity the bank since february of 2012 . 
is will office of the council administrative presidency not in may , to principles of 2013 , as the bank the tuesday . 
is hard for . 
is banker , more well , economy professor and has had a adjustment period surely necessary . 
coup ago is responsible of the strategy of a bank , that has of again to prove that deserves the title & apos ; the greater scandal bank of & apos ; since ago time . 
a part , the is huge , to ago little was the greater goods administrator world , and by other part , since ago years , is of a scandal the next . 
, so what seems , is you the so changed proud bank much . 
the financial crisis . 
had a reputation excellent to 2007 . 
goods administrator much image and hardest , but also , is with ambitious objectives , also wanted be a great number also in banks . 
a part , with ones billion of dollars , the variety more customers money wealthiest that any another world bank . 
by other part , as investments bank in the league of the large world banks . 
. 
, the former banker and after professor of always i in during many years explains : & apos ; my students , described to the as model of a good bank . & apos ; 
& apos ; the view current point , one is question : ? could ? & apos ; 
in a great mistake . 
the year 2007 went to the light that something very went bad very in . 
year middle , general director , that to then was considered as a banker and very intelligent , quickly resigned . 
months after , is the reason . 
bank investments fund is in losses with titles of high risk and had that thousands of million . 
should with this , the announced a of nothing capital least that of 13 thousand million of frf . 
this found investors , course that some with contempt to little before : a fund asian state and of and a fund state arab , so , that never is had heard their name . 
only was the first coup . 
april of 2008 , . 
bank had that should the thousands loss of million , council administrative president , in 2006 in the second better paid council administrative of , resigned . 
october of 2008 , & apos ; you the disaster , wrong in view of their investments , the is still found in the financial crisis to the and had that be by the state . 
national bank values problem to the by many thousands of million , the was six thousands of million of frf by a sensible converted , by the that is in of bank . 
was affected , is stated what dramatic that was this for a small country , if to banks so large . 
the balance sum of the in 2007 was more of five sometimes greater that the economic results of ( see ) . 
& apos ; we again to rescue to the & apos ; , said , expert again in 
the first disaster is joined the second . 
months after , the possibly in a conflict tax with and is was ready to drawn the data of the customers wealthiest , that had taxes with bank aid . 
, whereby a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , profits point of these business with a compensation by payment . 
this , the more or least have helped in the fraud tax . 
lost something that had been since always their capital always in competition by rich customers : the of discretion . 
the scandal , the bank much secret already not is the same . 
this continued the president camara of the junta directive and of council administrative president . 
the emigration of the funds of the customers . 
this way , in few months the bank lost their credibility in their two central sectors : in the of investments by the speculation flawed and in the goods administration by the aid the fraud tax . 
fair when back to be something more pace , fair when is i that the back to this , is this operators history , a individual operators 1.7 thousand million of eur , before of that the bank is account of that something was bad . 
is , by what seen , this still not well works with the risk management still not well in 
& apos ; the case is world that the risk controls have too changed little & apos ; , says , economy professor and finance too in of the of . 
financial director of a great german bank also is sure : & apos ; problem of the is that not dominates the risk controls & apos ; . 
what that about the idea of the caution , with the that the bankers swiss is were since ago time , be the watch of the elderly world goods : no risk too large , too in , the money security want the another hand of the republic contracts . 
concerned of security of the banks swiss were the symbol of the reliability , as and of chocolate genuine . 
central of the not in dovetails with the key of hardest private much bank , only is a little greater . 
situation is classical . 
bank has their main headquarters directly in the street of , that will since the main station the shores of , by the summits covered of snow of the mountains . 
the buildings are , the sells are a of the more higher of . 
is are as between traditional business swiss as the . 
they since ago years the banks swiss : since the national bank , and by the palacio of , to the private banks as . 
enter disproportionately in the reception room of the by a door swivel . 
the walls are of , front is are large of such , together the bank logo there a great for indicate the & apos ; security & apos ; . 
know what that the client search here : . 
two large banks swiss , the and , in some time have the idea of great much bank , or the have betrayed , as view the president of a small private much bank . 
not read their name not in newspaper , the end and the out ago , as all the bankers swiss , also with the business of both large banks . 
is has fact too large , view , mainly too mainly in investments , where the penal have cattle ground . 
the swiss not had nothing more that say . 
& apos ; is have during much time to the handicap of the penal . & apos ; 
fact , the changed the of investments us , handed their first great benefits and then wine the disaster , no financial european entity had therefore lost money then therefore much in high risk as the great bank . 
15 of october of 2008 , the disaster was clear . 
& apos ; wednesday the coalition government of small country of seven million decided the greater rescue operation in the history of their nation & apos ; , says the author in their book & apos ; & apos ; ( & apos ; of the & apos ; in spanish ) . 
political 3.8 to 68 thousands of million of frf or approximately 45 thousands of million of eur for save the great bank of the . 
? is them happens ? 
about with the bankers swiss , so are the problem so in dimension of the . 
june of 1998 , two of the three large banks swiss is in a consortium . 
a bank that , because to the merger , too was large for the small , and still growing . 
what that was for that the two different banks precursors of the is : a bank rico but rolls-royce with the centre of the goods administration in and a more poor but more strong . 
suddenly , the investment banks came of way be with much money , with the that could do a great financial bicycle . 
two names related with this takes of the : , consortium head of the of 2001 to 2007 , and , then council administrative president . 
& apos ; i that and were a team perfect & apos ; , says the expert in . 
& apos ; , the intellectual , modest , that much understand of models and statistics , and , the that managed times step since the learning much in bank to the summit . & apos ; 
, is of . 
the end probably was a mistake decisive : & apos ; that their models were a reality & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; a case tragic . & apos ; 
, perhaps . 
clear : was before of case . 
employees of the is remember clearly of the meetings of that , clearly in that , the consortium head , always the same motto : of ears to . 
american bank was the investment bank more of world . 
the & apos ; & apos ; , the that then the success of the banks . 
wanted be in the summit . 
steps you well forthcoming . 
the operations of and in the actions negotiating was in what more high . 
however , the companies advisers makers put of highlighted a weak point : the interest international business , however in language of & apos ; & apos ; , there a huge compensation for the large banks . 
has in the american products . 
fill these , the started a adventure that almost you costs their existence . 
of growth , therefore the same bank as one of their funds of high risk created in american investments of high risk . 
transformed in a powerful machine for american appropriations and to continuation , certain risks to account own . 
also , as other banks suggestion the during much time . 
& apos ; summer of 2007 , as the market american estate was in , the there & apos ; , said , expert in . 
large the euphoria , so conducting the fall . 
workforce had that go , already that the employable attempt was more complicated of what that expecting . 
jobs in the is became in seats and are to the today . 
, who us a great bank , has a work almost impossible . 
find a strategy for a bank , to the that all the business models around are . 
, expert in banks , has a idea , put end to the of investments , focus in the goods administration , return to the roots . 
bank not want so come far ( still ) . 
the of investments must reduce much , is clear currently . 
next thursday , the new bank president , will their future strategy the world . 
reality , only is only was in of 51 years as a solution specify , already that the bank the bank quickly is of their predecessor . 
, he is imposed : you of permanent way the business of the , the bank of the tuesday . 
want restore the investment bank to their state to middle of the nineties . 
jobs . 
this not enough . 
needs a vision . 
? is ? 
? what want win money ? 
are the questions that sure ago is currently . 
the time only says that first a housing with their woman only in 
next year . 
fear to the recession in overvalued on the stock us 
recession harsh in has given fear to the investors americans in the start of the week . 
government changes in and are without force . 
industrial production in the continent the hopes of in their origin a crisis faced by the drafted . 
not dollar the general on the government changes not in . 
euro fell with the dollar . 
last week , the italian glass and greek is has seen full half , not half we , but now the problems them to through to a first level , said of . 
all , the active financial or in the sales list . 
rate of the values standard closed with a low of by % to points . 
the session , the of market between and points . 
rate 500 closed with points , a low of a by % . 
rate of the stock technological lost the by % and went of market with points . 
, the rate is sacks with a low of 1.2 by % to points . 
industry of the 17 countries euro has small clearly their production and is clearly put in end of their booming . 
companies there in september the two by % least that the previous month , as reports the office of impossible of . 
that was background between the investors americans : & apos ; we a island , if not dependent & apos ; , said of . 
not is can so release quickly of a recession , also there more weakness signs not so quickly also there in 
, the poison of the investments , only this caution , still not is clear if is what enough strong for do all what necessary for put end to the crisis , only stated still not in . 
that , since their view point too is soon for invest too soon in or european banks . 
place of that , by the be a 1990s of old principles and enter in the technological sector us . 
investment of more of ten thousand million of dollars ago in supports the prices of the actions of traditional consortium and the against the trend hardly in the market the principle a percentage more high . 
value almost closed without amendments to dollars . 
some indications , paid 170 average dollars by every unit and remained the 5.5 by % . 
prices of the actions of their investment company lost the by % . 
participation titles of clearly is with the by % that the market . 
home almost sold all the rest of their financially the and is by this thousands of million of dollars . 
institute want strengthen mainly their capital share with the business benefits and with this with the regulatory requirements . 
of planes increased their earnings and with this off the losses in . 
action is a 1.5 by % , after of that the consortium the greater course of their history . 
acted the friday 50 planes of long kind distance and the value of asked is in 18 thousands of million of dollars . 
the options of 20 machines more , the volume out to 26 thousands of million of dollars . 
the stock of approximately thousand million of actions changed of cases . 
values by , fell and 79 go without changes . 
with sale volumes of thousand million , actions to the , to the low and commitment without amendments . 
smart is in the cities 
many websites the is they & apos ; birds problem & apos ; : not is under to these animals of the cities during much time , by the experts . 
a them , other very want rapid of them , the facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but very ago in is pussy-footing the complaints of the neighbours by the and the noise of the animals . 
not has appeared no half against the & apos ; birds problem & apos ; to now . 
already not out of the cities , by the experts already not in symposium on in , eastern . 
the specialists of all the territory national meetings on possible solutions . 
alternatives in the cities 
shown some the problems of the cities to the field migration of certain protected ; the applications chemical just in the agriculture with the areas traditional protection . 
hunting , the growing and the trees fall that the life of the birds . 
are protected . 
large colonies with more of 600 partners in , between other , in the industrial , between other in , and so in , between other , in the industrial , between other in , and in , 
in 2005 to the headlines negative of the press a controversial project for kill in mass to the of district . 
critical have described the hunting of the animals by traps for birds and the murder with as especially brutal . 
& apos ; and of normal way not is manages nothing & apos ; itself , and of . 
with water to the or bath-water the trees usually be consequences not , also says , expert usually not also in . 
& apos ; animals is , the large colonies of into and besides in other places . & apos ; 
only is as exception only in , houses of elderly or schools . 
& apos ; live with them , already not the . & apos ; 
the but , not is the problem not in cities , view , mayor of . 
possible a combination of to the areas sensitive animals and for that again to again in places . 
& apos ; information ago in place of chain & apos ; , and advertising completely in against with the end of that is involved to the animals of a way different : & apos ; better is that we a 4 in the for with . & apos ; 
in the of education on the of , where report on the life of the smart birds . 
therefore , the project is accepted by the tourists . 
also has their own opinion on the criticisms by the noise of the birds : & apos ; are communication forms , have much that say . & apos ; 
intelligence and knowing of these animals are , the not only which the resources for access to , if not that tools for as resources . 
, of the of in four to where comes the intelligence of the birds . 
a experiment , the birds with quickly that be stop fall a stone on a platform for so achieve a of . 
much , recognised with determination the size and the way that should have the stone for fall on the platform . 
a second trial , the resolve a complicated problem . 
researchers a small dustbin with a of in a side . 
birds not could come to their easily with the 4 . 
the researchers them was a paper of . 
the that the four animals a hoof , with the that the dustbin in the of . 
of the waiting what intruder in the first attempt . 
in the 2012 thank to 
and the turks not have hopes not in championship . 
records , the czech and also will also in 2012 . 
, the czech , and have in the last notes for the 2012 in and . 
by the hero ( 8 . , 53 . ) , to ( ) and , after the of party of proposed , was the five financially of the . 
czech intruder ( ) in the back party of the with the , after of that in the party of proposed ( ) any the clear things . 
not he that you not in against , managed a principles ( ) against . 
( 24 . ) , ( . , commitment . ) and ( 80 . ) the others goals of . 
former professional of the , with a ( 41 . ) and the captain ( 65 . ) distances two sometimes for . 
successful a red card ( 54 . ) . 
owned to cause of in the of world of 2010 . 
the does of , started of way perfect . 
a free direct since more of 30 metres for only to the head only in points . 
fourth of time after , was their low for drive since far and managed the since 25 metres . 
, that not not is in first average time , had their first clear opportunity thank the . 
former team player of , leader of english unable a the , but the not the line of ( 33 . ) . 
for the czech 
continuation , the , of , was in the hurricane eye . 
the attack to namely in the bosnia area , decided show the portuguese the card by the soil ( 36 . ) . 
the hand theories , a controversial after a action of , that transformed . 
of rest , the european of 2004 all with 4 goals . 
czech ended with the last doubt in the minute with of . 
of 1976 is round by fifth time for the . 
coach team with the of the ( ) and ( 1 . ) also fortunately had and had that overcome a reaction second also fortunately in stage . 
the last time , the prevented with a possible in own door of ( 9 . ) . 
had more possibilities with the huhne and in action . 
cause very in the minute of the pieces back , fair in the of . 
the rest the czech protect the of reputation world , the of came to realized ( 50 . ) . 
, the end before sentenced the party . 
therefore , the of football of . 
days after of not in , the turks rescue of a in . 
almost was sure that the national coach should leave their of world third of 2002 , the from held their quarter participation almost in end of the . 
almost made in the , the turks a dream principle . 
the minute seven and with a to long distance , only managed play the . intruder not could send the within of the . 
the reaction second , every time more the control . 
of the pause , not he that you no . 
to of , that in the minute was website to , of , ( of ) and ( ) are the of the in the practice . 
will to the 
, the irish up the first participation in the since 1988 in . 
was the coach team , that triumphant with the prior in the party of proposed prepared for a decision , is that to the head in the minute 32 . 
( 57 . ) with the team invited . 
since the start , but due wait to the minute 23 . , when of had their first great opportunity . 
the first time , the defence prevented possible advantage goals . 
in the minute what forward . 
a defence of , about and the to through of the line , face the . 
woman severely sticking-plaster the of a tram 
woman of 52 years severely is sticking-plaster the monday of a tram severely in . 
that be in a hospital , as the police the tuesday . 
tram had that way stop kind already in , that a their down is of coup with to he . 
car cell and in this went , for the driver . 
tram others not were injured . 
strong man a in 
tuesday by the later a strong man a in , in , . 
to a of 25 years with a ceasefire weapon and you strongly that you the money in , as informed the police . 
the box with the around , the principles received without identified with their of a unknown amount . 
not experienced more that the therefore . 
driver severely obstinate him 
driver obstinate of 21 years has severely result him to first hours of the tuesday morning in severely in 
avoid of suddenly a crash that by the street of a with a uk . 
what that was a with their , was to the strip central and the contrary and directorate-general against several trees . 
saddened of 21 years had that admitted in the hospital . 
of 40 years not was him . 
dressed and severely sticking-plaster 
dressed of 61 years was by a car and severely was sticking-plaster the monday severely in . 
cross with their bicycle by the way in the of pedestrian between the streets and , as the police the tuesday . 
by a years driver that cell with their . 
woman is fell and , severely sticking-plaster , received treatment severely in hospital . 
the leaving , a cars principles is becomes in driver 
man is was in night way with a car stolen in . 
, directorate-general against a car , in total struck to two cars more and three bicycles . 
police the persecution . 
crime author received to all at by the appears . 
! contrary sense ! 
a of concrete and lost parties of their . 
car down is and the man & apos ; you to ordinary their leaving . 
with a of air since a 
was with a of air since a in . 
sunday , the woman of 32 years close of their housing when was by the on , as informed the police . 
that be in the hospital with a sticking-plaster open . 
continuation , the police four suspected , of the that a young of 19 years is considered the accused main . 
a spokesman of the police , not there relationship between the woman and the accused . 
young of 25 years severely him severely in traffic accident 
driver severely was him severely in turkey with a crash that had in sense theories in the district of . 
young of 25 years is went of the road with their by unknown causes to the time and to a fence protective the monday by the morning together in a federal road to , as the police . 
the clash force , the car to the contrary and there with the crash . 
engage had that from the young of 25 years of their . 
watch hawk what was to a hospital . 
in a cinema in 
monday night had place a fire in the cinema in . 
after of average night , approximately 70 made of the night session had that leave the cinema of the street , as the police . 
there no him . 
further research , is that the fire because in a area from to the components afraid was to a technical fault . 
same time is was the light and about a strong smoke . 
woman severely sticking-plaster severely in theft attempt of 
woman severely was sticking-plaster severely in theft attempt of in , in the district of . 
crime author to the woman the friday in a parking to a trade and you their , as informed the police . 
the victim opposed resistance , the struck in the hands and in the head with a . 
received without the . 
woman severely was sticking-plaster severely in hospital . 
to a went stolen the after 
the weeks past , people elderly again have to elderly flown again in of . 
twelve total belong have happened since october middle , between other belong of , money , mobile , credit cards and of writer , as the police . 
victims mainly are age elderly women that the of their family . 
their bicycles or with the value items in the by . 
last friday had place the last theft of a money amount that was to more of hundred eur . 
of detained 
police down to six of . 
six young were detained the sunday in , as the police . 
adults of between 15 and 25 years a train horses in . 
the horses with a and tore a glass . 
witnessed to the police . 
as the civil officials appeared , the crime authors . 
were little detained after little in stopover in . 
man severely in wheelchair by a car and him 
man severely in wheelchair was him the cross a street in . 
saturday the man wanted cross a street by a step of pedestrian and not was seen by a , as informed the police . 
their the man , that is fell in the street and in the head . 
that receive treatment in a hospital . 
child of seven years and him in 
child of seven years was by a car and severely was him the monday by the later severely in street in , . 
to a hospital with injured in the for and in the , as informed the police the monday . 
child was of suddenly in street by a car acted by a woman of 53 years . 
not i where their before and what . 
child not was linked of adults . 
severely dressed him in 
dressed of 46 years was by a car and severely was him to last sunday time by the later severely in street , . 
to a hospital with injured in the head and with bad humour , as informed the police the monday . 
not is clear how happened the turkey with the their of a young of 22 years . 
car in 
car was to first hours of the monday morning in the street in , . 
man of 32 years tried the fire , stated a spokesman of the police . 
what managed and the engage had that control the fire . 
as the their , is was of a former model . 
is that was a fire caused , without political reasons . 
of place of a accident in 
a serious accident the sunday night in , the driver received without be of their and him . 
man with their crash in the street , directorate-general against a of the appears and over in a way , as the police . 
of tram could stop to time and was flee the driver . 
engage , had that from to a young of 23 years severely him of their and taken to a hospital . 
of their house subsequently that their car had been stolen was little . 
in a in 
sunday night is a box a in a home of . 
of this home in smoke in the ladders and to the engage , as informed the police . 
continuation down is to a young interested down in extinction jobs . 
the olaf not is confirmed , by what that was since not in . 
in a fight in a local of food fast 
customers were injured in a fight in a local of food fast of the sunday night . 
age men between 18 and 21 years started to with two sellers of & apos ; on the 1 : 20 in the own , as the police . 
young of 19 years help , to what that were features and of suddenly by the quartet . 
experienced injured in the head . 
four superior were detained in the & apos ; . 
purposeful man attacked in metre station and their arrested 
purposeful man to a girl in the metre station of and was & apos ; t . 
the man of 41 years the saturday and you residential with and of in the for . 
received after . 
after a young of 19 years was arrested under suspicion , as informed the police . 
passer-by to the police by the mobile . 
officials found the of in a bin close of the metre station . 
purposeful man received treatment in a hospital . 
to a in the area of 
a in the area of in is declared a fire the saturday . 
the 12 : a.m. hours , close of in the street is material of construction , as the police . 
a great smoke cloud , that is could see with clarity since far . 
engage came with four units and were control the fire with quickly . 
the fire , is who a system of heating urban and of aware . 
the of the had that currently looked , stated a spokesman of the engage . 
person was sticking-plaster in the fire . 
the extinction jobs , the street was closed the cars traffic and buses . 
man of 40 years severely him severely in robbery 
unknown to a man of 40 years the friday by the later severely in and what during . 
man on the 23 : 30 hours by the street when was diet by three criminals that you el the time , as the police the saturday . 
continuation the men followed to their victim , the residential of suddenly , the to and with their portfolio and mobile . 
police found the man severely him severely in street and head the urgent doctor . 
man had that admitted in a hospital . 
father to a of tram to their son 
friday by the later , a father obstinate to a of tram and the struck subsequently to the look of their son of four years . 
working of 49 years of had that stop in the street suddenly in the street in , the be of 30 years , as the police informed the saturday . 
man you was a in the for to the look their son . 
police down quickly the man obstinate , the child had that be by their grandfather . 
of tram slightly was sticking-plaster . 
of waste in 
saturday night , a unknown a of waste in a yard backyard of . 
neighbour the ceasefire on average night and was to two men pictures of dark flee by the wall of went of the street , as the police . 
engage , quickly were the fire . 
vandalising hungry radar a , a housing 
vandalising hungry resulted possesses the fire of a housing in / . 
, the vandalising on the for achieve the food , as informed the police the friday . 
the regulator and a . 
papers on the . 
housing of fourth out of the neighbourhood home started to the thursday by the later . 
vandalising died by decreases gases locked . 
have the estate by negligence fire group against the of 18 years , that not not was in housing during the fire . 
world of & apos ; & apos ; in with many large stars 
of , fan , we stars of & apos ; & apos ; , in the world of & apos ; & apos ; thousands of did to the carpet of black of in . 
belonging of the stars for several hours . 
to the fan of the of : , the , their , and the & apos ; & apos ; , signed and with the fan . 
the quarter part , is by end with their great love . 
want their employees figure in 
, the greater software manufacturer of invested thousands of million in the following years almost in the following years in and want the country . 
approximately see two thousand million of dollars ( approximately 1.5 thousand million of eur ) , informed the consortium of the tuesday . 
& apos ; more installations for the research and the development and workers & apos ; , in a conference in . 
personal must grow of 2.5 workers currently to sky . 
figure of market international leader for companies software is of five to ten or eleven . 
now , is present now in , and . 
4 of the more of international customers of have their headquarters in the boom country . 
growth plans also in are a important element of the strategy for 2012 of consortium of . 
want increase their sales volume for see to 20 thousand million of eur . 
last year approximately thousands of million of eur . 
the business of software that as to workers so well in all the world , will as few sometimes in the last . 
has 20 active years in . 
& apos ; want expanding our activities ( ... ) & apos ; , he . 
& apos ; aim is a growth lasting in by a wider training . & apos ; 
to level personal 
strong and generous new book of , beauty and the pain of the battle ( and the ) : history about of the , & apos ; begins with a long of kind that can do that to one is you the soul to the feet . 
here some by of action : this indeed and here indeed in pages . 
to very know well to these people very well in mr , and this will as their , a during these few at in the that , as one of their men and women , is confusing and in the fog of the war . 
mr is a lectures and journalist swedish . 
is the new secretary permanent of the , that granted the of . 
that has writing here is a little aware book , that describes , rightly , as & apos ; a work of & apos ; . 
some names with , important treaties or budgeting battles ; virtually not there ambassadors , elegant journalists or further on tactical or material . 
therefore is a book about of what happened , explains , as & apos ; a book about of how happened & apos ; . about of & apos ; feelings , from , experiences and humour states & apos ; . 
& apos ; beauty and the pain of the battle & apos ; being the experiences in war times of more or least 20 men and women , to both of the war , since and to , doctors , drivers of suffered and administrative . 
of these people is in heroes . 
driven is in war prisoners , or 800 their member , is slap or . 
lives here as here in church ; a new is in to the mixed while other is lights . 
mr book is a treated of the history books standard . 
also a to the notion of that the only was the war of also only in western . 
& apos ; beauty and the pain of the battle & apos ; is all of way skilled to through of other of war : the , the , the with eastern , of . 
the soldiers in this book them give above the ; one is the in under the ; the sledgehammer sleeping are a problem . 
is a book , almost since the start . 
war the lives of these people as a natural disaster , a hurricane that to . 
the artillery ceasefire is re-entry in the distance , and you a woman that is in home with your children , ? you or ? 
all forms ? who next ? 
nobody understand what that is and , or even by what is has that fight this war . 
& apos ; of facts & apos ; , elsewhere the mr , & apos ; is has with , hopes , scares , ideas avoidance , theories of the , dreams , and feelings & apos ; . 
& apos ; beauty and the pain of the battle & apos ; still to individuals as , a nurse english still in army russian , and , a young german of the fleet of high sea . 
stories is have easily obtained in their greater part of , letters and another material already published before . 
explanations of their lives can be or , but are more life pictures in the accumulation of small at , details around , of mr . 
of these are about of and of ashgabat with what that there . 
of have the history of a german says : & apos ; , by all parties & apos ; . 
& apos ; of coffee , high-voltage untrue , imitation rubber , of role , of wood . & apos ; 
talking of the food in . 
& apos ; meat nation to from of rice and in h-0577 blubber ( and with a untrue wood fact ) ; tobacco roots fact and of potatoes petrol ; shoes with of wood & apos ; . 
, elsewhere , & apos ; substitutes of the meat elsewhere in production of , coffee substitutes registered & apos ; . 
stories are about of honour and the value . 
american recognised their own momentum towards the carry and world about of the war : & apos ; that , after of all , this is for what that the men are some and not for who not in a and a includes , the newspaper of the later or a best , and removing that situation means civilisation and that not there a barbaric behind of that and . & apos ; 
change a soldier british is does account of that probably , and of that nobody is or you . 
& apos ; time that one is the thinking of , to one you like think that could post-gaddafi front of public & apos ; , says . 
change , is be & apos ; to a condemned being in secret & apos ; . 
comments are about of a old builds , and about of new terror types . 
& apos ; conflict is has become every time more in a economic competition & apos ; , says the mr , & apos ; a war between factories & apos ; . 
the arrival of what that he out & apos ; a new kind in the of young century : murderer finally in the of young century : murderer in mass and convinced with of good seeing that executes their apos ; . 
people is ways means ; there therefore behaviour as . 
mr about of the soldiers that old actively take a disease of estonian as way of evade the service actively in with . 
& apos ; expression more redeeming of this is can see the state trade , that the soldiers buy and with this their with the end hope in the hospital & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; that truly are analysis what on their eyes , what that to often does place to a of by life . & apos ; 
this translation of swedish nation by , the of mr but not , perfectly is to their task human . 
dozens of small scenes reflects the way in the that the war to & apos ; up forces : extreme , social revolution , hatred religious & apos ; . 
people starts to ask by what their leaders them are doing combat . 
best books about of the to often have been , as and the memory modern of , or as odysseus often in with of , in stories time . 
mr volume is unite to a void little result . 
book has one of the end more beside that i not remember in a labour of fiction . 
what . 
is as if would come since their book , of between your if that indeed of , and the would seriously with a . 
a step in untrue run-up , a assault the minute 
of police players were , some of them moment helmets rough . 
made the monday night the tuesday because the park would more we . 
operation is remained in secret unless for a few official of high senior , saying 9 to the others that were to a exercise . 
of police was in the centre , their presence how the operation is of challenges for the police department . 
could occurred the weeks recent episodes , as the of on the demonstrators , the department rules and coming a storm of sympathy public towards the & apos ; & apos ; . 
by this the operation police for the demonstrators park is after of two planning weeks and invariably . 
players is had prepared watching as is had developed the occupations in other cities . 
of disaster greater was taking place in , with a eye towards . 
players the called louder invariably - measures that quickly hope to a great police official number - for firstly quickly firstly in 
last invariably session was in the monday night , in the hand of river . 
of into in the park only came in the park came in the & apos ; last minute & apos ; , said someone with the orders , that is to the mission a exercise & apos ; . 
& apos ; the few that know that were called for this , not them said that was for into not in park & apos ; , said the person , that way spoke allegation . 
& apos ; earthquakes people that knew that would to into in the park were in the more higher department levels . & apos ; 
reason for the advice was a lesson by the city . 
14 of october , a players the park , but when demonstrators hundreds arose before of time after of have heard about of the plans . 
tuesday operation led to players of several units police , including special forces of all the municipal district - players tens mobile that members told the areas with high crime rate . 
mr said that very people , as those that daily travel the work , had state and of park during the day , doing of the 1 a good time for into . 
& apos ; appropriate do when if the less people number in the park & apos ; , said . 
of the of with and is in the of with , bridge close of , before of out . 
lights and the messages that since the found allow to many demonstrators . 
affairs players community were the park with their blue clear , many demonstrators simply their things and is were . 
is no shop to the 1 : 45 , said the police , giving time to the demonstrators to up their . 
players equipment were seen in the balearic for into if is needed do arrests in the park . 
journalists in the park were forced to . 
, the spokesman head of , said that was by their security . 
many journalists said that is tried avoid that destin to the police into in action in the park , and that had been treaties by the players . 
mr said that the units mobile of television long in , to what of on western of park , were recaptured images . 
measure that the police is towards the east to through of the negative of personal effects of the demonstrators , including luggage and role waste regulator and of clothes plastic , equipment of them followed , what that is golan back . 
demonstrators that is go to get were outside , images in little time after . 
central group of demonstrators took positions close of the camp kitchen area , park centre close . 
did a barrier , and the police its for . 
about to a 10 people about in of camp is between them by the sit . 
two people is to trees , said the mr . 
emergencies service players were called for the . 
is did arrests in the park to more or least the 3 : 30 , said the mr . 
operation of was full a 75 minutes after , said the police . 
mr said that a 142 people were detained in the park . 
greater part of the arrests were by & apos ; at of order public and resistance to the authority & apos ; , said . 
agent of more high senior in the scene was , the department head , the official higher in the department . 
, the department detectives head , also there was . 
mr , while was present , & apos ; not was the operations & apos ; , said the mr . 
second players group than to what long of hand eastern of , between the streets and , long in of that tell that into . 
in the street , a bloc the park north , and in the street , a bloc the southern . 
these positions , is was to the police why the balearic even more beyond of park . 
a time given , a players series , many of them with islamics , were seen rolling to the people towards . 
a 28 people in the balearic north . 
of the action more noisier of the night had place the park southern . 
about to the 5 , the southern of the street , a on the bonnet of a police car , and to other is them was the air of the wheelchair of a of police . 
a time given , a piece of went flying since the a . 
end , a agent and a were . 
& apos ; of support workers to the city by the redundancies 
& apos ; that represents to support workers hundreds school that lost their jobs the last last-minute month exceeding to the city the wednesday , & quot ; that the redundancies were through and deplored because to their impact on the schools that to poor students . 
demand is , possibly , the last weapon to available of & apos ; , of municipal district 37 , possibly in effort by the redundancies . 
seventy and two assistants of the school , the parents coordinators and other employees that were between the worst paid of the city lost their work the 7 of october , close in a movement that the leaders trade have described as a policy by their negative to allow , the last spring , the access by part of the city to a assistance fund health to work groups office for their gap budgetary . 
authorities municipal have categorically denied that prosecution . 
a hearing in the last month , the of education , said that the redundancies were a budget part approved in june . 
control member that nothing in the budget that the member of personal of support of the school would dismissed . 
of municipal district 37 said that tabled the complaint by writing , the of that would demanded . will a press conference the wednesday for announced the presentation official of the demand , in the in . 
demand include the and the of the city as accused , and account with eight workers dismissed as advice , all them women this or , the as that the majority of the assistants that lost their jobs . 
, spokesman of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and by what therefore not could do comments on their claims specific . 
a draft of the demand obtained by , the & apos ; is has focused in the redundancies number already in the redundancies number in the areas poor schools of the city for support a complaint by treatment unfair , saying that the poor schools lost more assistants , of way risk . 
out that if well not there redundancies well not in few redundancies in the schools in the or , 17 assistants schoolchildren lost their jobs in the 23 in , and 46 were dismissed in the 8 and 9 in the of . 
in account the loss of five of the eight assistants employees by the 36 in , where the 68 by % of the students not live in account the loss of five of the eight assistants employees by the 36 in , where the 68 by % of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , & apos ; 
district budget 36 is also reduced in a by % this year , and lost money when the city changed the way in that estimated the additional funding for every registration by poor student in the schools . 
& apos ; also says that the schools diminish directors can have been unaware by the language also in that forming the redundant of the parents coordinators . 
dispense the word & apos ; surplus & apos ; for proceed the action , to despite of that & apos ; surplus & apos ; describes with greater often the enterprises act to a fighting of the of a school to a work stock , whose wages are paid by the central office . 
& apos ; and six parents coordinators were dismissed & apos ; , says the draft of the complaint , & apos ; and not only not only in apos ; . 
draw , the prepared for come to a agreement on 
that finally republicans and democrats finally in are prepared to only of agreement on something related with the embargo only in 
what that is needed was that the rebellion had success , that the off dictator the outside apprehended and murdered and the participation of was to their end . 
tuesday , the of will to consider a resolution , by the president ( democrat by ) , together with the ( by ) and ( independent by ) , to the libyans by their successful rebellion and to the troops of by their & apos ; courage & apos ; . 
& apos ; resolution is for to the of , the start to rebuild their country & apos ; , said . 
& apos ; a support claim for their democratic aspirations . & apos ; 
language can appear , but nothing on the debate on has been easy to now . 
summer , the legislators of both parties is between yes and with the on the significant of a resolutions series for approve or reject the role of the military of in the mission of the in . 
june , and tabled a resolution that forming the use limited of military forces of in . 
law project never was in the by a broader for , and that was to in the . 
the same day in that the law project was also rejected in that the law project was rejected in the , the house for the operations americans in . 
he the mission of enough in a purgatory legislative kind - with the what some as for criticise the natural by part of the mission , but not so as for not so in under their feet . 
continuation , the of was by the events . 
fell in hands of the rebels libyans in august , and was murdered the 20 of october . 
mission of the end officially the 31 of october . 
the could completed for act . 
resolution of & apos ; welcomes the people of by their courage and extraordinary resistance for shake to yes ourselves & apos ; and & apos ; resolution to the men and women of the of and to their partners of the coalition that took in military operations for protect the people of by their extraordinary courage and professionalism & apos ; . 
resolution also & apos ; states the national interest of the also apos in and strong transition towards the democracy in . & apos ; 
? the new measure the completely support of the commission of , or to the legislators as was the june law project ? 
last version was rejected by the senator ( ) , the main of committee . 
spokesman of said the monday that not had still seen the version end of new law project . 
another hand of , the will to vote this week on a constitutional amendment demanding a budget promoting , a priority legislative for almost all the republicans and some democrats . 
measure , by the ( by ) , will the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any another issue that of fact a vote of all the house in the or the in this . 
legislators not have had success to the time for do come their amendments to the house , but not by attempts lack . 
of only is a of the 68 constitutional amendments that is have only forward in , that a wider subjects range . 
are - the same law project is therefore proposes in as in the - and other with small currencies between yes . 
by what least 15 versions of the balance amendment budgetary so only so only in and another handful that & apos ; fucino the federal expenditure . & apos ; 
of these law projects also are between yes , but give to their - on all republicans job that for their - the opportunity of that them were the & apos ; authors & apos ; of this measure . 
of , that was adopted in august , that therefore the as the his a balance amendment budgetary . 
march , 58 voted to favour of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of that amendment . 
beyond of budget , several member want limit the number of that the member of can with , while that the representative ( democrat by ) , want validity the limit of two for the chairmen . 
representative . ( democrat by ) has proposed a amendments series that an the right to a quality education and attention health , between other subjects . 
amendment that from the marriage homosexual is a proposal , so as a that from the flags burning . 
legislators also want allow the annulment of the federal laws if are regarding by two thirds of the states . 
enthusiasts that have been the member to the time of propose amendments , not is are hands to a pace more rapid that not in years . 
the , the legislators proposed 77 amendments , and tabled 66 in the . 
pace is unacceptable regularly in compared with the of the 1990s of 1990 , when the member were more of 150 amendments every two years , according figures by the of . 
not much had more success then of what that what now have . 
last amendment that is added - the 27 - was void in 1992 , but of fact was proposal by the in . 
& apos ; but not , & apos ; about not in first interview in since the shootout 
months after of that a you to in a act assembly in , the representative ( democrat by ) about in the national television the monday night , hymn accompanied of the of & apos ; sun nothing morning & apos ; and said that wanted more of what that wanted return the . 
their emergence in & apos ; 20 / 20 & apos ; , with , fighting for be provide and needed aid for with . 
programme their difficult back way of the damage caused by a bullet that you the and the hand izquierdo of their brain , and that step since the with to the part after of their head . 
three months , came by surprise to the for such their vote in the debt homeless agreement . 
their first interview television since the january shootout , that saw to six and to 13 , is and hymn - and described their recovery as & apos ; difficult & apos ; . 
you asked how is feel , of 41 years , replied : & apos ; well & apos ; . 
interview with and their using , the astronaut , was part of a programme special of & apos ; 20 / 20 & apos ; of a time of long-term , that is issued the eve of the publication of new book of the couple , & apos ; : courage history and hope & apos ; . 
programme special the recovery of since the shootout of 8 of january . 
causing by in the first weeks , is the is in their hospital bed , with the head and a long falls their with . 
only can keep one or two if , while their husband the encourages . 
more later , is to ages later in wheelchair while the you taught how to actions safer . 
head movement . 
of the . 
then , their first word : & apos ; & apos ; . 
few days , them other word - & apos ; & apos ; , a change request in their numerous of understand . 
delivery by show that the music playing a central role together in the recovery of : is to the with the songs & apos ; & apos ; of and & apos ; & apos ; of . 
the interview with , that ago two hours of been all the days , said that not reminds the shootout day . 
using said that was to a newspaper article on the murder of 12 of march when she what down for ask by first time about of the six that had died in the incident . 
suspect , is arrested in a prison of and is being by the force while expected trial . 
& apos ; people died & apos ; , you said to . 
& apos ; , hard , hard . & apos ; 
you said to that in a time of the recovery of their wife , she said : & apos ; been . & apos ; 
& apos ; that , i you i , & apos ; & apos ; , not agree been , & apos ; & apos ; said . 
& apos ; only agree been hit . 
are to out of this , and are to and are to again with more force that never . & apos ; 
troops do feel more that respect 
event was a by of that million of dollars for the without home in . 
hymn a on the powerlessness , the frustration and the loss . 
that time , several soldiers hundreds , sailors , and of aware medellín in their jobs about in their jobs in 
a of though is that of ordinary and . 
& apos ; men and women were who as heroes & apos ; , said , who organised the spring funds product . 
official military of high senior also in the by , known as the then president of , the , was the role of the way different troops . 
& apos ; were as a child kind & apos ; , wrote the official in a e-mail electronic . 
sure of that the organizers they good intentions . 
that the they . 
not was respect , of truth . 
from contradictory illustrate the difficult relationship that is has before of the military and a public us to often , to sometimes , . 
to the troops with praise by their handouts . 
the has a price , say the service member . 
public every time more acts as if you worth those . 
& apos ; we victims in all & apos ; , said the brigade general , who the troops soon in all & apos ; , said the brigade general , who the troops in and 
& apos ; seems that the only way of that some willingness their support is put to us in the souls role . & apos ; 
issue is a issue very sensitive for the military leaders , that not want appear or very not in the public the that serve . 
is give account of that the ira to the that is the troops that el in the last years of the war of was much worst . 
result , the majority of the discussions on the is have to out in silence and in private between the of war . 
of that their two children el of combat with the of , the colonel withdrawn them emergency of that the people apart of the military considered their service since two prospects . 
them with a fear sense because to that is to the insurgents and dispatching to places . 
is if would a & apos ; off and violence below of the surface & apos ; , said , that fought back in and to a work of high government level in . 
their employment search , said , felt that some you domestically had if would capable of under the pressure of a assignment work of immediately after of their combat revolves . 
& apos ; about of your service , do with to the from negative & apos ; , reminded to their children . 
the military concern , in part , of the fighters us towards the wars . 
achievements rarely in the battle field are time elected for the by part of a country that little has with the military and is few profits direct of the wars of and . 
& apos ; , as nation , already not we the ways military that were of all common already not in apos ; , said the sent general withdrawn , who the troops of in . 
change , the praise of the political and of public generally is in measure in the suffering depth of a service member . 
troops are recognised by the number of that have , the friends number that have lost or the reach of their injury . 
army a growing pressure for end with the violation 
week , a historic hearing decide if 28 women and men have a case against the army by their so-called passivity to the violation . 
not , advice hundreds is are organising for the next . 
soldier of first had 25 years and 11 pregnancy weeks the night subsequently in the that she says that was by a about . 
october of 2008 , and is respected of return to their guardia in the , the north of , after of the dinner with a friend when is found with a colleague that was a package of 12 of beer . 
you asked if could joining to she in their room for take a cup . 
& apos ; a alarm signal & apos ; , says . 
however , the of he to a hand their concern . 
, not , has 19 . 
& apos ; of & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; would heard to my shared . & apos ; 
the few minutes of into in the room of , the man is you by behind , towards collapsed and , lower-ranking . 
week , the 18 of november , and other 27 member of personal military current and old expect a legal decision in a trial historic that is will in , that decide if the demand that have against the of and their predecessor , fare to trial . 
demand lower-ranking that and job in the reduction of the violation widespread between the military , in violation of the constitutional rights of the soldiers . 
in february by , a profession of , the demand involving 9 to 17 advice , but to 28 sexually in february by , a profession of , the demand involving 9 to 17 advice , but to 28 in the months following , 25 women and three men , all them by that were or appropriate after of the violations . 
says that will to by the still greater of army , because the problem begins with them . 
& apos ; army is a structure of down towards collapsed & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; ? are the people that are in eradicate conditions the culture of the ? high was . & apos ; 
also says that since february , is have since also in with she close of 400 survivors more , many of the which could be part of future demands . 
strategy : place of earned to all the advice in this case , from all the eggs in a same basket , by say so , will to it several cases , of be necessary , for keep the pressure . 
team of the defence for the of , by the federal tax , has presented a motion for simply the case . 
court documents , bad by , below the defence strategy - essence , that the military not can be by current soldiers or old by the injury not subjected in forces armed . 
a ruling of 1950s so-called the , the federal government not is responsible by the damage by the personal not in service . 
& apos ; damage are service part military of the advice & apos ; , say the documents . 
of is refused to do comments for this article . 
things have changed since the years 50 . 
that to the women still them officially is ban serve still officially only in this distinction is roll : wars rarely modern time have clear the lines of with . 
in as in especially in women equipment soldier are papers every time more important , for come to the local women in war areas . 
result : between these two wars , 150 women soldier have died and two thirds of them in combat situations . 
time of that the army also is , says . 
not is single not in fight , and other three demands also are in into , of their . 
the of , the of for is for a case against the four main military language by supposed promote a environment . 
other part , the organisation without profit mind of is drawing a demand against the army that is focuses in the reached of & apos ; nuisance of the status & apos ; allocated to the violation victims with the end of them the high of entire common service , according the activists , as of the of in , a rights group human . 
group presented a demand in december against the of , of young practices in the way in that & apos ; the profits complaints for the people that say have sexually been in december against the of , of young practices in the way in that & apos ; the profits complaints for the people that say have been in 
have presented nine law projects by separate in the by part of a mixed of and representatives , for a votes series . 
2010 there sexual violations , according the for the of the and of . 
however , the violations are a , and by the own estimates of , that figure however approximately in axles by % of the incidents ladies that there is that year . 
report , also published in march , this the population of thus : thus in , a 20 by % of the cases in the army was to trial - the half that in the justice civil system . 
advice only in the case of , their attacks as the first of a series of whom . 
the case of , deplored the violation to the military police least of a time after of that . 
night , says , is you asked that the details of their violation 11 sometimes various to a of police , doctors , and staff . 
is discussed to a of violation , and the blood of their - a court in their was karl in their bed . 
months after , in april of 2009 , saw to a hearing to a judge , during the which is you asked about of that would had sexual relations with their the attack day . 
people allowed as status witnessing finally in name of alleged author , that was . 
& apos ; the day in that is his the differ & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; that i was to go the work found shouting since the room . & apos ; 
& apos ; not put in the unit of , and when i , i that you i to my official of was , & apos ; & apos ; was their trial . was my trial & apos ; . 
is you issued visit to a military , that finally you worker a nuisance of the status , what that the not was for the service . 
january of 2010 was of service under terms , what that you from receive any benefit . 
as to if the case presented by and their demand colleagues continues , is a possibility very interest , says , professor of very in of . 
however , out , & apos ; my opinion , should be able of continue forward & apos ; . 
that is between them and a differ is this announcement that has been since that is published by first time . 
been a critical permanent of the . 
army is decades by behind because not has the same incentive and deterrent that with the responsibility . 
adds : & apos ; highly highly are in of them ... but is important for them try . & apos ; 
things only differ when the good people is ready to fight . 
the hearing not will by their way , profession of the advice , will to the eu to their other advice hundreds for future cases . 
& apos ; to continue fighting against the army in this issue to that the reform is would & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; to that we , what that first happen . 
walls have eyes : the researchers you are at in 
of become in the new for of the extreme right simply in the new for of the extreme right in , was . 
monday , who deed have done a killing in july , that he 77 dead , is brigades to their first hearing legal public . 
can have action only , far was of only be far only in greater time part that preceded to their attack with to their computer , with some of the million of nationalists that support to the right groups in networks social . 
of the tragedy of this summer , the researchers know wanted more about of these people . 
, ? how ? 
- only you that into only in 
& apos ; we account of that not so was difficult come to them & apos ; , says , main author of a report recently published on the digital european populism by the studies british centre . 
of personal information of so is , says , that the researchers could simply use the advertising tool for determine their characteristics with a scientific precision - the way that the sellers have state being during years . 
team of found half million of fan of the right groups then in all and them announcements , but in place of to a new such or product of , the announcements to the users to complete a survey that he on their level education , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on their own future . 
come to through of , and their colleagues were able of look to more of 000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 european countries - all without out of the office . 
& apos ; a way completely new of do a research & apos ; , says . 
of the results not are of all surprising : supporters not in of the groups of right tend to be young , men and by the immigration . 
however , however in issuing kind , & apos ; those that combined their in line with the line outside are more reasonable , more democratic and least violent that those that is are behind of the computer screen & apos ; . 
work of only is a example of how is only becoming in new and important tool in hands of the scientists . 
of research , researchers doctors and political scientists are being the website for look all , since health problems to trends social such as is & apos ; s in the & apos ; like & apos ; , messages in the walls and state produce . 
more of 800 million of active users a average of three content parts the day , the & apos ; of data & apos ; of is and a booming of the research , pushing the jobs academic number with the website name almost in the title to a 800 % in the last five years . 
some researchers , the beauty of is that you allows look to the people to the that not with a not in street . 
& apos ; , when to people of , very was difficult . & apos ; 
& apos ; that go to through of party , and them never you 10.6 the access & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; see all that - are to them directly . & apos ; 
say that the website could provide a identify way and address the problems of . 
recent study done by the , of the of and their colleagues , found that the students university that mean of their of significantly in they a risk greater of have problems with the drink that the students that go in silence on the issue . 
suggests that the colleagues of the students , such as the advisers , could control the website and intervene for help to a student that completely too state produce with their table . 
& apos ; saying treat a problem if not what saying & apos ; , said , the of and director of , and of not in of , said the . 
& apos ; found a way of identify children not in risk that of another way would . & apos ; 
also constantly is & apos ; & apos ; to their own population for obtain data . 
of website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship and the of , the participation electoral expectation to period half legislative of 2010 , and a rate of ( mainly being the information to the that is can access - defenders of the digital freedom ago much time that maintain that the website should put to available of other their great data amount for the research ) . 
however , the users of know that the website them is watching , them whether or not - the by power around the with a friend to distance kilometres thousands is allow that the website your personal information . 
? what is when the spend users to be part of a survey that or even know ? 
that the researchers have guidelines well office on how up their data outside of line , well in is a free for all . 
& apos ; i that many of the users have even thought in fact of that a researchers could examining their profiles & apos ; , says , a todd of , on a study of 2006 that was to out with the public walls of students . 
& apos ; what that to them concerned , only was between them and their friends . & apos ; 
is the question of the methodology . 
outside of line , not there guarantee of that a research issue this completely being honest . 
, is impossible know that part of the profile information of a user and of the wall messages are truth . 
& apos ; that completely in and what that described outside of are two things different & apos ; , says . 
by that , to despite of their years as researchers of the technology , believes that a and a are being the best research tools that nobody can use . 
& apos ; there substitute for into in the real world and about with the real people & apos ; , says . 
& apos ; social research is that is on what social - and a lot of what social still is outside of line . & apos ; 
& apos ; and inhuman : ago their first emergence public ago in court 
, the man that be the brain of the two attacks that killed to 77 people in this summer , is has described to yes same as a of the & apos ; resistance & apos ; during their first emergence public in the court of . 
& apos ; a commander military in the resistance norwegian movement and in the of & apos ; , said to a full room with 500 people . 
& apos ; am the court , already that received the mandate of the organisations that support the ideology of hatred and because supports the . & apos ; 
& apos ; the facts but not i thursday guilty . & apos ; 
judge was to during that , because & apos ; not wanted give to the use opportunity this hearing as a platform for that their view points & apos ; . 
the same reason is refused to allow to , that brought a speech writing with early , house to the family of their victims the end of the hearing . 
also issued to the police keep to under custody during 12 weeks more , you faiths the access to the communication media during four weeks , and said that the authorities should that have a at control on all the visits and the during eight weeks . 
of 30 survivors and family of the victims speakers to the hearing . 
came with the look hope to the eyes , other for confirm that is under key . 
speakers with the move aim towards the conclusion . 
& apos ; that seemed cold and inhuman & apos ; , said a of to the station norway . 
& apos ; you , but for me was a step forward after of see and hear the suspect . & apos ; 
with a suit dark and shirt blue , is remained and professional to what long of the hearing and to the journalists and to the survivors to the eyes when its and went of building . 
despite of the strange notion of be part of a movement of & apos ; resistance & apos ; greater , the judge that not is a ill mental , and said that not there evidence of that overtaken with . 
possible that to some them that the attacks of 22 of unimaginable july labour of a in place of a group of radical . 
that not automatically the pain and the confusion that all a nation still feel . 
& apos ; like that existence a monster , but not what seems & apos ; , said a family of a victim . 
& apos ; much more easy if what existence . & apos ; 
7 of the interview delayed of , is show in a theatre this week 
the death of , the 5 of october , there some that what with - the out of the technology as the . 
what that the fan of could find more intend , recently in a interview to the that is as has advances of a series of special as in elderly markets this week , is how about this mind about of the processes trade and work flows of the products . 
without doubt a designer , and , but also was a whoever and a of the of flow - a man that thought that many takes & apos ; a disease that also is in that a great idea is the 90 by work % ... & apos ; but & apos ; there a huge work amount between a great idea and a great product . & apos ; 
1995 , was developing the television series of the ( of the ) on the of personal computer , and is laid during more of a time with for a can and rarely conversation . 
that time had last barely 10 years since that had been forced to leave of , and already working turn barely already in company it , waiting the popular adoption of . 
that a small part of the interview of is used in , said that the original of the interview existing during their transport . 
only after of the death of that is found a full copy in only in garage . 
material of for , slightly , is the basis of : interview delayed , of 68 minutes , that comes to the this wednesday and thursday . 
someone known by the interviews here in depth , quickly seems prepared to forward their relation and strategies trade . 
very . 
four different points to what long of the interview , there large between the questions and the answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of , where clearly is their thoughts , for precision . 
there at there in that the of its to the surface , where seems because to the questions of , to go more rapid towards the subjects or arguments of greater importance . 
before of the was of , the or the , there something well in interview delayed , when what that is that other companies do and bad , and offers their own future vision of the it . 
thing is read assessments of the career of , but there something oil and there in that here see , the on of the greatness . 
has a vision of as can and must be the things . 
much after of all with detail here , was and what was . 
rapid short of seven with of interview delayed : 
how to carry a business : 
& apos ; what long of the years always in the business , i he : & apos ; & apos ; ? what described things ? & apos ; and the answers that you give of way are : & apos ; , that only is the way as ago is & apos ; . 
know by what ago what that ago , ago in business nobody very think deeply in the things . 
is what that found . 
has the detail their efforts for simplify the accounting of . 
by the way often in is the costs - to beginning with a & apos ; cost standard & apos ; that is was to eye of good , and that then is position with a & apos ; looks & apos ; - developed a factory that could determine the costs trade the detail . 
the joke the : 
the & apos ; & apos ; that he same was with - a has that did to the people effectively the company telephone and do so-called to long free distance . 
has widely writing about of has , but the euphoria of here the proceed the as a act of is . 
how he and the box by the use of a telephone public , doing a so-called , and then since a network of to other , while a with the greater satellite possible amount . 
& apos ; the things around of world a average dozen of sometimes and to through of telephone public and back a minute more later the telephone public of the door of the hand & apos ; , says with a . 
& apos ; young and what that learn was that could build something us ourselves that could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . & apos ; 
two , not much knew , but could build a small thing that could control a thing heralded - was a incredible lesson , and not i that never would there without she . 
continues a joke that he and almost kept , the to through of the almost in of the night and through about with the , while was their better imitation of . 
measure that several member of the hierarchy catholic were in half of the night for about with the diplomatic us , the two in fair before of that the outside reawakened for go to answer the telephone . 
of the technology ( and the sale by telephone with ) : 
the age of 12 years , to the spare parts hunting for build a of often , suggestion to often in guide telephone and you was a so-called . 
after of their conversation telephone of 20 minutes , managed a summer employment to part-time time in . 
& apos ; was a remarkable influence on me , was the only company that had seen to that age and formed my vision of what that was a company and what well that to their employees . & apos ; 
is became after in one of the employees of that dispatching the research laboratories of the company never in one of the employees of that dispatching the research laboratories of the company in , where was & apos ; the first computer of table 
so large as a systems , had a small screen of , and i of he . 
a journey to as cared and lose the time with that machine and programmes for she . 
the innovation : 
several points of the interview , about of reinvent new products on the into . 
already in their career , that is he to sell a handful of le basis , you asked a client if could ravines all the team . 
with only 30 credit days , had that physically the and the over of the alcohol . 
later , while later was in reminds the struggles to the that is brigades in the development of a of computer : 
& apos ; agreement of have dramatic arguments ... i that is considered five years & apos ; for create a that 300 dollars & apos ; , and i and i outside and found a designer . 
days after , had a that could build by 15 dollars and that completely was reliable . 
the large companies losing force : 
before of that the intertwining of , northern the way in that many leaders of the industry in their vision , and the control of their market share . 
& apos ; that in or , by what that described and best , ? and what ? & apos ; 
has the monopoly of the market share , by what that the company not has more success . 
sales departments and marketing increase the success , by what that are this people class the that end by you the companies and the people contagion of the products are of forum for the decisions decision-making . 
out of the products that was to that monopoly position is by people fault that not have the notion of good bad products - the profession necessary knowledge . 
is what that happened in ... 
could have of all the industry it . 
have been sometimes ten their size , could have been the of the years 90 ... 
the defeat of the victory . 
the innovation as expression pablo : 
& apos ; a huge work amount between a great idea and a great product ... to measure that the great idea , time and overall . & apos ; 
learns much about of the of the same . 
handouts that you that do - some things that not saying do that do the , the glass the ago , the do , the factories the do . 
that keep pool things in your brain - these concepts - all to the time ... 
end all is reduces the will - is worsening to try to what better that a human team has fact , and then treat of adapted these things to the that your doing . 
said that the good artists copied , the large artists . 
we had shame about of steal large ideas . 
that in part was large the was that the people that were working in he were musicians , artists , 5th , that agreed were the best scientists & apos ; world s . 
not outside by the it , could doing things not in camps . 
and with the rival of the assistance law health while the court will the case 
day that the is met to door closed for at the question politically controversial of if the challenge to the assistance law president health , two of their magistrates , and , politically were in dinner by the lawyers signing that the case to the high court . 
occasion was the last thursday , when the nine judges is met in a hearing finalised for look which the review petitions . 
of the cases in question was a demand a by 26 states defiance the reform total of the assistance health adopted by the last year , a law that has been a out of war for the activists conservatives in all the country . 
magistrates admit to impossible the demand and , of fact , is expected a need historic of 5 hours and average for march , and the result probably still more the career presidential of 2012 , that will probably still in the time in that the court decision is doubt . 
lawyer that to the court and that the law must be will probably , who was as tax general of during the government of . 
lawyers signing of , was a of the almost two companies dozens that to the annual dinner of the , a group that has many years into to the defence of the legal principles conservatives . 
signing that the dinner , represents to a of the associations trade that the law , the of . 
was the heralded . , that has a huge financial interest in the apparent result . 
dinner is took in a hotel of , hours after of the hearing finalised of court on the case . 
the assistants was , between other , the more important in the and a rosales declared of the assistance law health . 
? invited special in the dinner ? and . 
is new nothing : two judges have factual state to events of the during years . 
not is something that between not in with the rules ethical . 
fact , the judges are of that applied the actions of the federal magistrates lower . 
not what they , could said that under the , that says : & apos ; judge can attend to events for power organisations funds relating with the law and other , although the judge not can be a speaker , a invited of honour , or not put in of such event . & apos ; 
however , the absolute of and to two of the of lawyers however in case , so as to a company with a huge financial interest , enough was for to the activists of ethical so enough in . 
& apos ; impressive gap of the ethical and fighters towards the code will apply in against of the demands of several magistrates that by the court by the same rules that is to all the federal judges & apos ; , said , the president of ( ) . 
& apos ; judges were in a funds product of by with lawyers that have outstanding cases to the court . & apos ; 
emergence and assistance in the funds product for this event undermines any influences demand , and is unacceptable . 
and have shown little interest by the criticisms that say that too easily the court activity with the agenda by groups as the . 
the wife of , is a excel encountered conservative . 
other part , the conservatives argue that is the , the that has a problem ethical , not and . 
worked as general of the administration when is tabled the first challenges legal to the law ultimately in the court of first . 
critical have administration for that is appealing of see the case , saying that too was in the law as for now be neutral . 
not has given no indication of that what will to do . 
, a asked record of 18 thousand million of dollars 
calls 50 planes of double steps , with option to 20 more . 
also sold six planes to , a operation also valued in of thousand million of dollars . 
time is news when a company this a asked of 50 units of their product . 
is a great compromise when the company is the planes manufacturer and the sale price for the 50 planes out to a record of 18 thousand million of dollars . 
so large as the place of where received the order : , a gold mine so in of future planes orders . 
a study given to know the monday , the company of estimated that during the next 20 years the proper in will planes by value 450 thousand million of dollars . 
announced during the week end their asked more large of the history for planes trade by their value in dollars - 50 of double steps . 
asked wine of the in . 
also has a option for buy 20 planes more , what that accepted the sale price total to 26 thousand million of dollars , also announced in of 2011 . 
, the monday , said that had asked six , the called , that produced of a fuel saving and a services for spectacular passengers . 
sale price for six of them is more of thousand million of dollars . 
& apos ; clearly has a huge positive effect for & apos ; , said the superiors of . 
& apos ; quality of these customers very in particular is strong . & apos ; 
proper of are property of their oil nations . 
what therefore , not only have the money for pay the planes , but that a increase not only not in prices - by what general harmful for the lines airlines , because is one of the elderly costs - so is harmful , because the country is gaining money with the oil price increase . 
is important because have least highly that other cancel proper or finding the flight orders when the fuel prices increase , said . 
& apos ; a natural protection & apos ; , said . 
asked of the leadership of in the planes market of wide and aid to keep to the attempt of their troops competitor their dominance with the passengers air . 
victory of directly in the air fair is four months after of that i that was to finding the debut of more large , that compete with the . 
the debut for add more momentum after of that the customers a increase of the useful burden and of senior . 
actions of a 1.5 % to dollars . 
president sister of , the appear in the vote of 
says that the for to their of , in the for governor . 
president sister seems have lost their candidacy to of during the violence elections state , and she stated the monday that the for to credit the career in favour of one of their opponents . 
results provide was the in the career for state western governor to , of , or . 
& apos ; crime intervention organised during all the electoral process and , on all yesterday , is alarming , not only for , but for all the country & apos ; , not said only in interview a day after of the sunday vote . 
& apos ; to our candidates , to our workers election ... of the ballot , ... and seizure to the people that & apos ; to favour of . 
supremacy during seven decades to that lost the presidency in 2000 . 
however , is the we however in of a return , and the victory in is a important step in that effort . 
has the hope of win the elections presidential in july . 
seems have by little for to , who had led the surveys before of the elections . 
, a candidate of conservative of their brother , or , is refused to recognise to as the winner . 
, the candidate of left by the , or , that currently as the governor office , currently became in place , a great defeat for the left found and before of the elections presidential of 2012 . 
also is refused to recognise the results provide . 
, of the state capital of , refused links with the wishes and resume to the others candidates to accept the results . 
has been during much time dominated by can of the drugs specialised in marijuana , heroin and . 
the state president home , and he made for launch a for military intended against the traffickers in december of 2006 . 
however the violence has . 
mayor of was murdered a week before of the elections while was campaign by , and many candidates abandoned the local by fear . 
for the , by become that unimaginable the elections of , a victory will to promote the party . 
man that is georgieva the very in the presidential elections , talking since , to and said : & apos ; that this victory should be , of for the next year & apos ; . 
encouraged to help to rescue to the 
of ( ) has fact a call to and to for that is for help to rescue to the of their debt crisis sovereign for avoid a recession to long long-term that rushing the growth of the economies . 
, director general of with headquarters already in , said that the two large growth economies more rapid of world they that & apos ; do all what possible & apos ; for speed the recovery of bloc economic outside to through of or directly to through of bilateral agreements . 
against the & apos ; , & apos ; countries that there the difficulties of a way & apos ; neutral & apos ; and said that the financial assistance of together with the leadership and resources european to avoid a crisis to long long-term together in global economy . 
& apos ; all together in . & apos ; 
& apos ; that who that can help to out of the crisis is useful & apos ; , said the in a interview in the framework of in . 
& apos ; can not be in certain measure , but can be immune . & apos ; 
& apos ; that if and can help , that be by all the media . & apos ; 
monetary european union is has severely seen fundamentally by a debt crisis sovereign severely fundamentally in months . 
the last days , the costs of drafted of is have bells and the first ministers of and have . 
current crisis of the debt sovereign in has increased the fears of that could force to the economy world to the recession and has led so-called for that the main economies emerging is join for help to the to find a solution . 
unusual mr that any support of is to through of , but said that the bilateral assistance - as the buying of the rescue fund bonds of the , the stability financial european - themselves a greater power of negotiating for the asian partners of . 
, minister indian of , said that & apos ; the will to do all what possible & apos ; for help to the already that their own economy now was suffering the fall of the exports and the advent of the capital tickets abroad . 
& apos ; want that the , being and & apos ; , said . 
& apos ; challenges and we that keep a high growth level . & apos ; 
& apos ; is a option , is a , because ? where are employment for tens of million of our young men and women . & apos ; 
argue that the economies not in development as have responsibility in help to the european rich when is face to their own and profound economic problems . 
, professor of the of politically very in the , said that would difficult sell the aid to for the thousand million hundred thousand people of the , of the which to 800 million live with close of 2 dollars the day or least . 
& apos ; some time is ending account of that the greeks is to the age of 50 years and is will of holiday to the beaches and that not well & apos ; , said . 
, director workforce of , also is asked by what the reserves of the is be use for keep to the many and well bound sector public workers greek , also well in bad jobs , and of losses as the railways . 
mr said that the crisis of the threat with & apos ; important effects in chain & apos ; by all . 
prognosis of by growth economic % now in for 2011 / 12 is faces to the & apos ; risks to the low & apos ; because to the threat of . 
that the vulnerable markets emerging abolished do & apos ; plans of & apos ; for itself of a crisis and engagement capital check-in of their economies . 
of about of the possible cuts in defence 
secretary of , the monday , that the cuts budget banknote that is could stop the national security and cause a financial reaction in chain since the corridors of , to the battle camps of , to the chains of civil . 
already is the 450 thousand million of dollars of lower to what long of the next 1990s , but now afraid a additional reduction of 600 thousand million or more already long now in harsh if the not manages come to a agreement on the expenditure . 
& apos ; impact of these cuts would devastating for the department & apos ; , said in a letter to the , by , and , by of . 
that the failure of for come to a agreement on the budget and their result , the called & apos ; previously & apos ; , fico place to a 23 by % of lower global and a high to many new projects . 
& apos ; somewhat so large , applied of this way , would that the greater part of our projects sonars and of construction not is they & apos ; s - not is can buy three parties of a ship or a building - and seriously damage other modernisation efforts & apos ; , wrote to the . 
& apos ; we forced to many of our civil officials of way and , because to that the reduction is with so quickly , almost is sure that we that civil with the end of with the aim . & apos ; 
& apos ; changes the faith with those that have our army and seriously the good available . & apos ; 
cuts with the time to the combat troops , said . 
& apos ; well the funding for war times well in accounts of not in overseas directly is affected by the previously , the efforts of the war is rectors adversely affected by the serious directly be previously adversely in apos ; , emergency . 
& apos ; procurement of personal is , what that would to delays in the contracts and the contract supervision that supports the war . & apos ; 
& apos ; personal in is , giving place to delays in the payments to the suppliers in war time , and the legal support and political would interrupted . & apos ; 
two had writing to ago 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of the cuts banknote in the of . 
& apos ; result of a previously in of affect a rapid decline of the as main power world military . & apos ; 
& apos ; strongly in of this action & apos ; , said the in a release whole the monday later when the letter of . 
& apos ; not is a result with the that is can live , and certainly not is one that we impose to us ourselves . & apos ; 
& apos ; previously is a threat for the interests of the national security of the , and not is must allow that happen . & apos ; 
the letter of and the recent warnings of the will the pressure for a compromise budgetary or destruction the so-called for the of the cuts is by see . 
has been every time more franco on the possible cuts , to despite of that was to a work in the top of with experience years in budgets in the and the and that is to difficult decisions . 
a press conference the last week , the secretary of a picture sombre of what that could be by front - a army with a , but not a pounds . 
& apos ; a ship without sailors . & apos ; 
& apos ; a brigade without . & apos ; 
& apos ; a went airline without enough pilots firepower . & apos ; 
& apos ; a role tiger , a army of , buildings and bombs without enough different soldiers for with the mission & apos ; , said in their opening words in the . 
& apos ; a force that suffering the low moral , the preparation inadequate and not is capable of be the day with the potential opponents . & apos ; 
& apos ; effect , taught to the aggression ... & apos ; 
a to their letters to and , new details of how the lower & apos ; beautiful important operational risks : too in answer time to the crisis , conflicts and disasters ; limited our capacity of removed and illicit a in all the world ; and is a unacceptable risk in future combat operations . & apos ; 
said that some of the elderly defence projects could with the , including those that already is are and some only already only in stages of the planning . 
list includes the combat air , a new be , the of new generation , the new combat ship low-lying and the new their of combat in earth that the and the need keen , the . 
the development and the additional evidence of could generate a 80 thousand million of dollars long in savings to what of 10 years , but their supporters say that is the next step vital for improve and with the threats potential of and other rival . 
detect a lie 
ensure to the headlines more recent we points insulting serious and curse are the deception and the lie daily in the life . 
candidate presidential is occupied accusations of harassment sexual with several women ; every part accused of lie to the other . 
administrators of the of have been accused of by supposed conceal reports that were that a football coach withdrawn sexually was to children . 
last week , the french president , was & apos ; & apos ; with a off open saying the president of , that the first minister israeli is a principles . 
has destroyed to and countries . 
by and quickly in , was the ourselves with their by the test . 
former candidate presidential has been accused of regulation in the funding of the campaign relating with the of a relationship . 
, of new , nobody that what never the circus up by the president the lie during their second mandate about of their sexual relationship with . 
very the myths on the traps very in examinations of the school and the university . 
have given cases in the that the teachers have given the answers of the examinations to the students with the end of be better seen in their performance assessments . 
that should be what contrary are sending the message of that lie and house are community . 
? deception we are ? 
a day who , the studies show that you can lie in any place of 10 to 200 sometimes . 
sure , many of these lies are lies . 
study was that the unknown three sometimes in first 10 minutes of . 
lies , or & apos ; the lies traceability & apos ; , is a knowing essential that we acquire all , by reasons therefore personal as professionals . 
of be a at of table similar to , by example , where the aim is : & apos ; i & apos ; , the deception detection is a knowledge serious activity based in data bad scientists during the last six decades in universities that post-election research projects in depth , especially in data bad scientists during the last six decades in universities that post-election research projects in depth , in 
of the results of the research is that the old about of the lie have been . 
yes who to the eyes . 
always , is or . 
is can not conclusion that the are difficult of detect or simply . 
of lies holds can come to the truth heart about of the structure of the declaration , the , the questions training and the times . 
several years the scientists on the deception always in the thousands and shining knowledge body , and was clear that the deception detection is a technical modern that is easy of learn and aid to ordinary by our complex world - especially if their responsibilities professionals include the procurement , interviews , or the negotiations management . 
good have the read knowing well to the others , include feel to will , their own emotion and of way how the paid the others . 
by the research that the more that the , that the men say more & apos ; lies win towards yes ourselves & apos ; , while that the women say more lies & apos ; win towards the others & apos ; normally for protect the someone feelings that the people married least emotionally to their partners that the people that not are married ( but the lies that usually say tend to be & apos ; enormous & apos ; ) . 
know that if you is insightful as a , the others is least guilty the . 
? know if someone is ? 
, variation the behaviour inappropriate her . 
is out & apos ; create a basis line & apos ; . 
to provide reference points for measure after the changes . 
the inappropriate position , and feature blues . 
better that will if someone normally with the ordinary all the time for not do accusations upon when you see the feet normally not in the meeting . 
continuation , behaviour groups dull , and not . 
to these behaviour groups as alarm signals , not as deception test . 
people that con can freeze the part higher of body the treat of remember their history , can events their feet towards the door , towards a exit , change their way position significantly or a & apos ; & apos ; that overstating of and position change a time that all the difficult questions have over . 
often the do see that the interview has over only for seek that . 
passed attention the inappropriate vocabulary . 
the to the fund and the last time while regarding that their wife murdered was , a search of she to level national . 
people that also con can use a language : & apos ; i relations sexual with that woman ... the & apos ; or repeat a difficult question fully . 
indicators more common are . 
can use a lot of & apos ; language ruled & apos ; when says to a difficult question : & apos ; ... to say truth ... to what that i is ... to my understand . & apos ; 
ago that the answer be a ago in of a fact and is to often a vigilant signal . 
there no formula for detect lies , but develop skills for be the deception is possible . 
skills will the possibilities of who for avoid be by the artists of the opportunities in their lives professionals and personal . 
controversial plan of departed after the delay threat of in their discharge 
after of that the administration of with finding the discharge of a planned since to the of to the trade , while to the shown the company that search build the says that is ready to the project for again to . 
said the monday by the night that the planned area outside environmentally sensitive of environmentally in and hoping in that the project going the discharge . 
company announced the decision in the press conference in the of . 
of , says that the company maintained their confidence well in that with the time the approved , if is true that with a different route . 
next after the announcement the last week by part of that the decision by a federal permit for the project to that is new potential routes that the areas of and the , a thousands water supply dirty . 
& apos ; is a real progress way & apos ; , said the representative , of , to . 
new environmental review by the of is possible that apart any decision to 2013 , after of the elections of next year , although the officials go that the policy if apart in decision . 
, in a declaration written the last week , described the decision as the request of , and them expressed all their support . 
, of restock kilometres is since to the of . 
overflow by day of the province of to the refineries in . 
this , would necessary that six states . 
by the shown , but by the work groups , that have by the estimate of 20 work jobs with the . 
the legislators of the plan are the legislation for force a of the region of and of , the greater water source drinking and of irrigation . 
study of impact environmental current of found that the project only give environmental tackle , but the source of the industry energy said that the general of department only has in independent test of review process , focus in two issues . 
is if the lobby member but by , that was advisory of campaign of in 2008 , represents a interests conflict for the programme . 
other is if a signing that was for you the study original was a election inappropriate because was this to . 
by supposed cause that a fear child 
family of says that the of the music , is as a in the lobby of their building of , to their small daughter to the point of that of fear . 
tirade of the struggling of & apos ; & apos ; to , of 18 age months , therefore that suffered & apos ; status changes , be of dream & apos ; and & apos ; increased their fear to the off & apos ; , says their family therefore in of . 
the 10 of year last november when the , their wife , childhood garden teacher , and is were for go to a journey family . 
the car , struggle the building lobby of , with their luggage , moment to . 
said that is close stopped of the door and that to their daughter close in soil by a time . 
& apos ; is by behind and i said , & apos ; ? what that is doing your daughter ? & apos ; i & apos ; yes & apos ; and i to & apos ; , said . 
to the woman unmarried . 
& apos ; in a besides aggressive , & apos ; should have longer to their daughter close of the door & apos ; , said . 
& apos ; i , & apos ; i no interest in what that you telling or unjustified & apos ; . 
act and started to use poor words - the word and the word in high voice ... 
a water bottleneck and began to bath-water the water of the bottleneck on me . & apos ; 
that is that . 
& apos ; i to this woman , & apos ; what that you agree fact to my daughter & apos ; , said the mother of the girl . 
is on the mother that still to and had that be that by their environment and withdrawal to a car that the than , said . 
small was who so strong that , levelled . 
later , the family sent a note asking a tardiness. & apos ; of , but not successful answer . 
lawyer and the representatives of not the so-called for comment what happened . 
demand search damage not , but the lawyer of the family , said that took the way free case and that the last-minute family donate all the money that co-operation to a support partnership to the children with cancer . 
& apos ; purpose is do to responsible of their behaviour & apos ; , said . 
& apos ; behaviour kind completely is unacceptable , especially when is us to a childhood garden masterpiece that completely has especially in a child of 18 age months . & apos ; 
climate the economy 
the first management year of , in has increased the unemployment and the , struggle the foreign investment and is relies the economy 
2011 is a year that will important in the economic history of , is of first year of , of change , that resounding large expectations regard to the progress not in the economic history of , is of first year of , of change , that resounding large expectations regard to the progress in the economy , but on the year start climate , 
lowest temperatures of february , also of published losses for the agricultural sector , constrained the possibilities of the economy state for grow , a of the economic activity also in of by % mainly in the first six of year , justified by the historic fall of by % in the agriculture , that back the dynamism of the other economic sectors . 
agreement the of by the frost , we by the for the , is had damage in thousand hectares , of the which the by experienced % total damage and the other by % had damage part-time , the main crops were the of vegetables , maize and . 
fall in the economic activity has led , to november , a increase unemployment constant already in the economic activity has led , to november , a increase unemployment constant in the state , according the of and the state rate during the three first year quarters is observed a growth begun , of by % of the , for the second quarter the rate happened to be by % , and between july and september the average & apos ; you leads to by % , a rate that in people number to more of 74 thousand unemployed , a increase regard the first six of 18 thousand individuals . 
sums 
unemployment indirectly in during the year is , for the becker , director of the of and of the , the growth of the can most , in role of the actions that since the policy public is have done . 
& apos ; that is watching is a unemployment growth that has that see with several factors , between them the sums loss in the market by effects of a resources restriction by the legislation that is already adopted in the market by effects of a resources restriction by the legislation that is adopted in the congress for combat the money laundering , the investment and the now in the congress for combat the money laundering , the investment and the in 
arrested 
pointed that in the increase there also in the increase in the unemployment . 
& apos ; people number that is will of state in work search abroad in work search first in the has restricted , by the difficulties for into , and second because past already also have many difficulties for find work , that people is cut and is work sources here already also here in that ago that the unemployment is rises & apos ; , itself . 

market analysis labour is the consider the high level of that obliged between the work conditions , according the , by % of the population occupied in the state working without be as worker to no security social institution . 
the unemployment and , another of the state working are the wages netherlands , the entity has the more lowest of , of agreement to the records of and the of and . 
from monthly average of the workers was , to september , 5 thousand heavyweights , very by below of average national , undertake very in thousand heavyweights . 
of 
to the fall of the economic activity and the increase in the unemployment , during 2011 is has the greater drop of the of the last 10 years , according the of january to june of the state thousand dollars , what that represents a fall of by % regard to the 5 million 143 thousand dollars registered during the same year previous period . 
their part , the of state a investment total of 17 thousand million of heavyweights mainly in the year , scale of sector companies . 
debt 
the stage of economic , the of state was in july the congress state the discharge of a credit by 3 thousand million of heavyweights , ourselves that would for the investment in infrastructure projects not in july the congress state the discharge of a credit by 3 thousand million of heavyweights , ourselves that would for the investment in infrastructure projects in the 18 municipalities , with the intended of the economy , the congress local discharge was by a of 2 thousand 600 million of heavyweights , and to november 

sector representatives business , the first year of does shows of a management capacity lack of . 
, president of the of the of the , expressed that during 2011 is command of the harmonisation of the different sectors , including the own of state . 
& apos ; every of the economy really very in during this year has been poor , there that work turn for restore the ground that lost in this year , already in this year , in the 2012 we that efforts , latter the effort of all and on all the good into of , we that the next year be much better & apos ; , expressed . 
economic 
itself that events as the year principles frost arrested the economy state and their every and growth . 
& apos ; under flow economic is product of several events , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been a tends economy that not does back what enough rapid for generate a economic dynamism that enable have a acceptable level of flow not in processes , products and services and by what therefore , the year end we very closing by below of the expectations that we & apos ; , mentioned . 

, president of the of the in , itself that is required the state towards activities productive of greater dynamism . 
& apos ; terms general we seen that is has state working , us we that is necessary develop a programme of long long-term in the that is the and the one economic of state , because is important that is all the potential of appeal material and human that has & apos ; , said . 
by do 
president of the preparing the importance of establish a vision of future that better the efforts of . 
& apos ; general terms i say that the has sure state by give good results well in various , in on of economic development there some progress but is important that is main a programme to long long-term & apos ; , itself . 
that the current administration has shown progress in their way of drive the policy public . 
& apos ; elements that by say that the is being more , i what that i say is that there work fact and i that the is aware of that there work by do & apos ; , expressed . 
from by 8 of 
five prison years and 100 days of fined was mid-september a neighbour of by the possession of eight 75-kilo of . 
of the informed that the mid-september is , by the crime of against the health , in their there of possession of with trade purposes . 
agreement with the dossier / 2010 / , was arrested by elements of mexican , the day 7 of june of 2010 , in a operational of surveillance on the street , with the 80 , in the populated , . 
in a kind , colour white , where was a stock black colour in the box of their and in the of a small bag , where the military found eight plutonium 23 some of marijuana . 
such reasons , what became to available of and the mid-september continues internal in the of the of . 
contributions for works 
works of nature social pursuant in programmes as , of and for moved is not are in programmes as , of and for moved is are in risk of economic lack , pointed . 
director of municipal house that if well to now the labour programmes have progress , yes is well are now not in have with the of with the contributions that you for the which these a appeal higher to the 11 million of heavyweights in the three programmes . 
that in total the investment almost in total the investment in these three programmes is of , of the which the is the 25 by % and that to now only the and the have great resources for the works , by what that the possible delay now only ago in of these is existing . 
& apos ; almost 12 million what that them is they and to despite of that the year is by not i we have given or a fifth , when since july give a part & apos ; , expressed , & apos ; us for not we started the works and will very advanced , but we ago lack the money & apos ; . 
that the last year , not in the administration of , the whole with the contributions that them , by what that the start of the administration the had that apply a credit for cover the region of 7 million that not in occasion the administration state . 
& apos ; we not happened in the previous because the had the economic capacity for participate and the programmes followed made , and this year us for power access to these programmes had that get the resources for cover what that he outstanding the & apos ; , . 
to that there the compromise of the authorities state for with the over of these resources , a that is has fact the request the of and , of the postponed for that the rates that them for are what before possible . 
& apos ; almost 12 million what that them is they and to despite of that the year is by not i we have given or a fifth & apos ; . 
& apos ; back-up & apos ; in the see 
replace of signals by digital is one of the changes more important that has suffered the world in the last years 
of the ( ) started the constitutional controversy that the and the of not in against of refuse presidential that the called & apos ; back-up & apos ; of status to see , the meet the eight necessary votes for . 
minority of four ministers , including the president of the , was that the president not not is in the such the refuse that this the actions to continue for into the transition to the digital television earth . 
that result , the constitutional controversy by the of the , was by not achieve the majority dregs of eight votes for that the is on the being or of refuse , and this is existing . 
ruling project , produced by the minister , proposed should the refuse , because to that the regulation of the radio well and television is a faculty practised by law to the of ( ) , in of the principles of and of law reserve . 
project favour only voted , and the own . 
this argument , therefore the as the of two controversy constitutional for the refuse , and the admit the demands , the minister suspended the refuse implementation and of all the actions therefore in willing for the transition digital . 
ministers justic plenary simply also the demand by the of , without into to the project discussion , also to office of the minister . 
their intervention , the minister president not said rendered with the project arguments , not in sense of that the federal not can to through of rules general the measures for that the administration public is . 
& apos ; i that if what itself is the body autonomy regulator & apos ; , and reminded that the of public policies in strategic areas as the telecommunications sector for the federal , who has by constitutional mandate , the of . 
replace of signals by digital is one of the changes more important that has suffered the world in the last years , and is arising in a better of flexible spectrum , a better quality of the signal and more channels . 
the change , affirmed , would the profits of the & apos ; s , that means a interest decision public , that not only has a technical dimension , & apos ; therefore ways economic issues , social , policies and of national security & apos ; . 
issues , preparing , & apos ; demand the operation of all the system established , with the principle of economic of , a group of that the leads to the state faculty & apos ; . 
that a great countries number already in all the world has concluded the transition digital , and what has fact to through of , despite to have with technical bodies highly specialised . 
is can conclusion that the , the such the refuse line , that in any way the powers sphere of , therefore is one-year in the sphere administrative the jeopardise of the laws by the , was . 
possibility of a & apos ; vote by vote & apos ; in 
agreement with the data heap by the difference between first and second place of the governor election is of hardly 27 by % , still without the votes appropriate to of the 6 thousand 74 total agendas . 
possibility of & apos ; vote by vote & apos ; is a reality in what that is concerns the process electoral of this year hardly in what that is concerns the process electoral of this year in , where of agreement with the data heap by the of ( ) the difference between first and second place of the governor election is of the 6 thousand 74 total agendas . 
regard , the president of ( ) , of the , reminded that ago a days , hardly the last 9 of november , the electoral body adopted a series of with the harmonisation end the local rules with the federal reform hardly in electoral . 
is , not their or their of or their of , all time that the of adopted the little reforms before of conclusion the long-term legal for that so into not so in the present electoral process and the governor their publication in the deadlines billion in the of , with the argument of that had some concerns . 
same 9 of november , the of the ( ) justic the constitutional controversy by the local and as & apos ; and illegal & apos ; the vote of call-back state to the constitutional reforms , all time that not has right of & apos ; or & apos ; . 
about in to the possibility of & apos ; vote by vote & apos ; , of the an that thank to the discharge of the appropriate by part of will possible the hand realisation and total of the vote by body electoral local part . 
that way , the were part-time of votes , of one or more packages election , will not be in the supposed of that : the results of the agendas ; not there the polling acta and not in dossier of the or not in power of the same ; or , when there errors or obvious of the agendas . 
, the were total of the lawful vote in all the skilled of the election will take when there strong of that the difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that is involved and the that has obtained the second place always in all the skilled of the election will take when there strong of that the difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that is involved and the that has obtained the second place in the vote , is as or less to a point percentage ; 
were total of the vote also will take if the i the is for that the difference between the candidate winner and the undertake also in place is as or less to a point percentage , always and when there the request this of party political representative whose candidate always became in place , case in the which is the packages election that have been subject of were part-time . 
mention that hardly in this situation is the election of , where of agreement with the difference between the first and the second place is of the by % , although without reconstructing the votes of the agendas total . 
last will 
will in the sierra of , confirms the family . 
pilot remains to , their city home , this sunday by the night , during the monday is were to out and a parish of . 
their family the last will of sent colonel was that their like in the sierra of . 
of receive a pay the hand of the other people back in the accident , the family of to the capital of to board of a of the , the people more speakers to the ceremony in the . 
the twelve of at the of sent colonel the of within on the , to where down were family and friends . 
the 5 : 30 of the later is you a recognition in the of organised by their former colleagues of technological and of football american team , of which formed part during their preparation of . 
& apos ; will was that return to and that their like always in the sierra of , what itself so to their family and to their friends & apos ; , this what was to know pilot sister . 
she , the sent colonel had with all their dreams , as that so was in the of their life , & apos ; was a man , as father , as son , a brother and the outstanding of their family & apos ; . 
very went young of the city of for membership the of very in . 
not what because were that even not is even however in ; without , always suggestion with their become dream always in . 
what reminds as a very good person , & apos ; hardly very was hardly in family wanted , as the occasion in that brought to & apos ; . 
young reminds that even when had with seven age years was to for the of their family , by that know that their died doing what that more you even short in life : a . 
give the last goodbye 
disgrace was contractor the of the , in pay that the governor , and that you capitulated people and of , the mexican , to through of the , the own , that and students of , where in and is therefore preparing in pay that the governor , and that you capitulated people and of , the mexican , to through of the , the own , that and students of , where in and is preparing in 
, together died in days hands the hawk that the , with the secretary of , and six people more , all officials of that on . 
the 18 : 05 hours came the remains of ( ) , for automobile by the to member of the , by the greater , already in the aggravated of , where was expected by their family , between them their daughter and their wife , their mother , brothers and others kin , students and teachers . 
three bodies ruins in of 
before of headlines , the military authority presented to the communication media to eleven people that were being in the same by crimes related the crime organised . 
men quite were killed to quite in body parties and with the grace away , in a inaccessible of yevgenyevka of , . 
headlines happened in the for of the road of to , to the all of the community known as . 
people that rescue by the place observed that in the fifth , whose is colour with coffee , is was the open of couple in couple . 
look towards the internal , to a three metres , the bodies of three people , by what that of immediately was informed to the authorities appropriate . 
of the individuals namely with dark wearing , without footwear ; to their hand was another with of white . 
small a metre was the body of another individual with red and blue wearing . 
three is who their collapsed . 
agreement to the bad data in the place , the three people would been already killed in the place , the three people would been killed in another place , 
the of the fifth is myths that will & apos ; of a group of the crime organised towards another , also of several of bullet also in same and the . 
to 11 in 
of the was the presentation of 11 people , between them a less of age , who were part of a group criminal-law that mainly in yevgenyevka of and to who is them linked with , & apos ; & apos ; and . 
the information on to know , in a first fact the day 11 of november not in a first fact the day 11 of november in the cologne were being eight people and is 
them is them three ravines and a ; said be those of criminal so-called group & apos ; & apos ; . 
another fact happened the 12 of november to the : a.m. hours , personal military was a surveillance way in the populated , in , a prosecution without le and with two will to board . 
the high and to the inspection , the military found a weapon long , a charger and 18 . 
and after these statements , 13 of november to the 14 : a.m. hours down is to one of their down in , who the see to the military tried be to the brain . 
them is you some in the municipalities of , and . 
the wednesday the new italian government 
& apos ; s first minister , is morning with the president of for it the new government that is facing to a crisis that has was to that country the on of economic disaster 
& apos ; s first minister italian , is the wednesday with the president of for it the new government that is facing to a crisis that has was to the on of economic disaster and has since in danger all the . 
release of palacio presidential announced that , appointed the sunday , is the wednesday with the president , for confirm that can be a . 
expected that present a up in majority by technocrats , although not is clear when will the office the new executive . 
said that will the president the result of their discussions with the political parties in their attempt by be a government . 
& apos ; confirm my absolute confidence in the capacity of our overcome country this difficult stage & apos ; , said the former european commissioner to journalists . 
not said of way explicitly that will be a government but the besides of their comments that the obstacles is have overcome . 
& apos ; framework now is well & apos ; , levelled . 
has completed the process of be a government in least of three days , much least of what normal , while combat a crisis policy and financial that has motivated the costs of their debt to levels . 
new administration intended by the former european commissioner must approve a hard austerity package seventeen by the leaders european for restore the hit confidence in . 
the pressure on for that is given haste , the instability of the markets hikes the performance of the italian bonds to 10 years by above of 7 by % , the level in the that and is were forced to be . 
, leader of the italian , said to the press after meet with : & apos ; that civilian-military much to this government & apos ; . 
that this is the last opportunity for that from of this emergency situation . 
success possibilities of is were of considerable way by the from of party of , to who the crisis forced to resign the saturday . 
& apos ; that the professor efforts are for to have a good result & apos ; , said to the press , party secretary of . 
support of , the greater party of , is significant because to now many of their member is had theories the of majority that is soul . 
parliamentary 
new of must have a strong support parliamentary for apply what that probably will reforms of austerity . 
deadlock or delay in their efforts could cause a new and devastating attack of the financial markets . 
partnership banks foreign italian is to the pressure the have that a failure of would a disaster . 
set the monday their consultations with political parties , trade and groups business , so as with organisations youth and of women . 
end to their meetings round the tuesday by the night . 
was appointed the sunday by , that has a transition extremely fast extremely in to the crisis . 
a soon introduced to end of the last week , when became clear that , the costs of the debt italian again have now to critical levels between the uncertainty on if the new first minister will success . 
to , with a debt public of billion of eur , would too for the defenceless financial current of the . 
has said that their government should last to the next elections , will for 2013 , despite to the predictions for on that the political only you ending time to apply the reforms before of the elections . 
has said that you like include political in their , but the large parties only in their , but the large parties in that must set to a process forced by the financial pressure . 
policies signal that the mutual and the disagreements broadcasting the parties are the include attempt figures policies . 
of the spaniards is higher the of the 
the 22 called of , ten the 50 international games . 
hand of only one of the 22 was to the 50 events . 
contrast the of , if is compare the 22 by both countries for the friendly of today , to the 3 : 05 cost-benefit . , in the of . 
the champions world and of , number one of monthly of the , a broader class games registration , the only has the ombudsman as the only that has the 50 international parties . 
figure the golden the friday previous in the party against ( ) , in the . 
spaniards that play in the of the and in powerful clubs of the of , have the year a intensive activity in league championships and domestic cup , and clashes of high level in european as . 
what previous is you sum the experience with the in complicated of the and the of . 
, by the contrary , they a international limited in a area , as the , that is feelings the of more under level within of the . 
that the maximum registration of the spanish is of , who the previous saturday to ( fall in ) the registration of , with 126 international events . 
today to the and a new record for of . 
, cerebral of , has . 
and , even , were recognised the previous week by the together to the other of team , the chamber with 126 and the of , with . 
close of the figure is , with 97 games . 
are , with ; , with 90 ; and , both with 81 ; , with 62 ; , with 61 ; and , with 53 . 
hand , and close of , are the izquierdo , with 48 and the , with 45 . 
of there , only five applies the 30 parties : with 31 , with 32 , with 31 , with 36 and with 35 . 
least . 
more of 30 in or ( 37 ) , ( 36 ) , ( 32 ) , ( 31 ) and ( 31 ) . 
national hand , with least of 30 , officer with 26 , with 26 , with 25 and with 23 . 
rest not is about to the 20 . 
only has four games and two , only in only one and still not . 
historic of is , with 50 , followed by with 27 . 
, is the that has more many with nine , two more that and three more that and . 
included the country in their revolves of since of two decades of very 
& apos ; to is a dream fact reality & apos ; 
own interview with , the , of , said that the such is list for offer one of their best concerts the next sunday , in the . 
been more of 20 years of expected , but the such will that for them also will also turn in the play dream in the country . 
what was the and member founder , who spoke in own with , since , the last week . 
grouping is in the went of their revolves of since of two work decades and the sunday 20 will their only level in . 
day is together presented in the , to from of the 7 : 30 cost-benefit . , to the such and the national of . 
is a of the conversation , whose full nature is in . 
their followers , is a dream fact reality that will to play in , ? are aware of what that are living their fan ? 
to is a dream fact reality for us also . 
hardly is our second time hardly in and to now has been under . 
state only in a time and of holiday ; is a country so beautiful and i that we to power static a days there . 
that we carry our music there . 
what wonder because there a towards kind the such , the live fan with serious the days very . 
? them say to their more followers ? 
by remain to our hand to through of all these years . 
almost took 21 years come to ; thank by have therefore expected and that we has therefore taken time almost therefore in 
people even already is concerns to their live as the shows more large of year . 
? adds that a little of pressure to their visit ? 
of the more large that we during the last 21 years during the last weeks couple . 
a couple of in and we that we has since in way for this live in . 
truth , we very promised of play there . 
that country , we love and the ; for both things , is between the best of world . 
? was that discovered and their across for ? 
many friends that are and i a great friend that live in and the across there are beyond . 
friends always is would to and , together with , are large places for ; so was how we , by people half that him the . 
see the revolves , have come enormous with many songs . 
? have for their presentation in ? 
never we there before , then not we no restriction on what that we do . 
give the better possible shows with a good songs variety ; through of play a songs couple of every showing and them to our fan a good and diverse . 
never themselves the . 
? what is must this ? 
that partially is because we nine disks and we play more of 120 songs and to every one you them different songs , so that is difficult decisions what songs play every night . 
we two or three songs not in the that have member of play , that we maintained and also we maintained surprised because we reminds the reasons by the that we these songs and that is we could have neglected . 
ago that the shows be more interesting for us and , by therefore , i that also what again more interesting for the people . 
this revolves , there are 20 years of very . 
look back , ? is difficult of believe all what that have achieved ? 
, absolutely . 
first place , i that none of us is promoting that first did in great such of diplomat and have fact by more of 20 years ago that some as a dream . 
up our and we much that we continue doing music together . 
we want and we love create music . 
go match to world places to the that always go . 
things not could be better for us . 
? meant for you the have been part fundamental of began of ? 
has been a honour be part of that group of large gangs . 
very friends of the people of , and very in 
surprising when a movement from of a friends group and is little common something . 
time much in when , from a such of a city , but is more strange when five or ten gangs out the same time of a same city . 
proud and honest of be group part of . 
with some of them of time in when . 
last year , we in a festival with in and we in with , we to still in a festival with in and we in with , we to in their revolves , so that we match of be friends of all them 
very is strange that a such as the of you is keep united and with the ourselves member by therefore time . 
, four of us we together by 21 years and ( ) is we ago joined 13 years , what which , by yes only , much is more time of that many bladder gangs . 
first place , i that all we match of still be with life and , first still in all we preaching by the others . 
we very friends those and , thank to that , also is have open music that you give freedom to every one of risky . 
we the a to the other with the music of every one and not could be better . 
relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simple ; without however , thank to their success , have been do what that want . 
? are a balance ? 
as we gone growing , has been more easy find a balance . 
ensure of that not too be of revolves because is easy fall not too because in large and of the people that him your music . 
one democrat that the people there is by the music , that you democrat that she respect the music and what that the brought , without by be famous and be a diplomat , something that to none of us really you interested . 
? reminds their another project ? 
that very good songs and the principle was something under . 
a such by almost three years and never published a to that after of that ( ) . 
many because therefore and what more important is that still we very friends of ( ) and ( ) , that still detected very in with us and when hear a song or i a was i always in with us and when hear a song or i a was i much in the incredible person that was and how i was speaking , more . 
a be human surprising and what . 
such national will the committed of open the shows in . 
? true that you know their work , in special , and that by that the for the opening ? 
, the production we sent with several proposals and that was the such that more we pleased , so that we promised of see what that can very offer in live and duty be fun . 
? what always differ the lyrics of always in ? 
is a question for ( ) , so that not know . 
the singing and i that what ago with what first that is you happen . 
? , what are their influences ? 
many . 
of the first that is i occur are , ... 
many that could about all the later on the that i crazy . 
? has achieved keep relevant the to despite of not already be a fashionable ? 
that all us always we feel a little of the word . 
i before in she , i reminds the gangs that given , as , and all the that arose the same time , and , if there importance now , i that is marvellous something because is music that is the worth listen and gangs as are now doing better music that never . 
principle , their music had a content more dark and now is again has more positive . 
? what is must this change ? 
interesting because i that there a songs couple also in the new showing that such unimaginable time more , but there songs , as or that as songs very shameful although can sounding a little positive . 
both , when i the , when the i and are songs deeply shameful . 
that when and there some in your life and is lose to a family or a friend , these things start to draw your art and your music and these two songs , without doubt , represent that for me . 
, i that is can be a happy person and still so power do music that be whites . 
: 
is give for examinations doctors 
former president was the tuesday in a hospital public for evaluated by the force loss nevertheless that is in the , informed their doctor of . 
, of years , that does a condemns of 25 prison years by violations to the rights human during their government ( ) , suffering several , including a cancer in the language by the that has been 12.51 four sometimes and that is maintained under control . 
, who is their personal doctor , said the of television that will evaluated during three in the of for determine the pain reason and the force loss of their member lower . 
a that however in their opinion would a candidate for obtain the pardon benefit by humanitarian reasons , without , said that he not what to because is know innocent . 
12.51 four cancer sometimes to the language , has a weight loss of 18 75-kilo to the that is you have other as are the harder , the of , the are , the pressure and the problems indicated in the , the doctor . 
does delek since september of 2007 in the of the police . 
april of 2009 was condemned to 25 prison years by the death of 25 people to hands of a of army that in the first years of their government . 
travel to for strengthen political links 
official , deputies by the president , and integrated by several ministers and employers , will this tuesday a visit to with the end of the trade between both nations and address political subjects of the region . 
is the wednesday next with their couple mexican , point more high of a can agenda of events with authorities policies , trade and a i with the residents group in , according the agenda spread by the . 
meeting between both chairmen , in the city of , will & apos ; attacked for the information exchange in all what that are the political affairs between the two nations & apos ; , according published the of country facilitates indeed in the city of , will & apos ; attacked for the information exchange in all what that are the political affairs between the two nations & apos ; , according published the of country facilitates in their 
local media , get that to in the incident with that when the french call-back , included the country facilitates in a havens list tax , in the meeting of in the city french of . 
their speech , threatened with from of the international community to those countries that will being havens tax , declaration that resulted the i of and the called to consultation to their ambassador in the european country . 
chaired since november the , group integrated by the countries emerging and developed more powerful of world , and has existing with the country facilitates , since january of this year , a convention for exchange information encountered with the avoid end the double . 
government has not tried in the last years the exchange agreements closer tax with the end of out of the & apos ; list grey & apos ; of the for the and the ( ) , visions by countries that all the international standards of cooperation in on tax . 
the level trade , and have existing since 2004 a of ( ) that has increased the goods exchange between both nations . 
plumber is the three dimensions with & apos ; & apos ; 
has fought , unstinting , to what long of 25 years by save to the princess of the of , but never to now what had fact long never now in now in ; & apos ; by the love of the girl in technology . 
title , that comes this month to the shops of all the world , has been designed since a principle for take the characteristics of the days , that allows around in three dimensions without use need glasses . 
& apos ; is the like that has that say how must work the without glasses & apos ; , the responsible of press specialised of in , during the presentation of in . 
house that & apos ; & apos ; is & apos ; the first of thought for that aid & apos ; , already that to now successes as & apos ; 64 & apos ; or & apos ; : of time & apos ; were of titles existing . 
spokesman of has sustainable that , to despite of be in , & apos ; & apos ; is a & apos ; accessible & apos ; that allows enjoy of a starting fast and . 
has previous that & apos ; & apos ; contains two games in one : the first part is & apos ; simple & apos ; for to the users least . 
time , the more experts will give a & apos ; second back & apos ; to the levels of at , that this time have greater difficulty . 
, the users will only choose in real time between a & apos ; aggressive & apos ; or one that to the depth of the action , but will necessary around in dimensions for power overcome the different challenges and & apos ; not giving to lay present & apos ; . 
incursion of also in the three dimensions is the like back to a days , fact that not is produce since the year 2005 . 
this ago to the followers of the and over the success formula of the previous mistreatment , consisting in that the plumber of will that go dangers platforms with the release aim to the princess . 
the player heart reporting also in the movements , the environments , the and the enemies and to a & apos ; & apos ; . 
the towards extradition 
president announced this tuesday that was impossible to the extradition of for that receive in by the for the laundering of 70 million . 
stops the process for that to the country request of north that to for beyond . 
press conference , stated that their decision attack to the powers legal independence and executive , already taking in account that a court of ruling had in the extradition . 
that during their mandate & apos ; not the hands & apos ; not in resolutions and was impossible to all the that has known . 
of , will , by murder and serious injury , and , both by wishes . 
fact by is a impossible executive then that is all the judicial bodies and constitutional for judiciary the of between 2000 and 2004 . 
agreement with resolutions of and of the of ( ) , must extradited a time has their legal situation in and is ensure their rights human . 
was by the of million in the of the when was president , the which was the process that to the extradition , but the and thirteenth the case . 
has helped to 6 young in risk situation 
entity born for avoid the fall in the gives of boys without training 
balance of the first 25 life years of the support social entity is important : 6 young long in exclusion risk have received aid for overcome a difficult situation to what of this fourth of century . 
this is adds the hundred work jobs long currently achieved for this social group . 
anniversary was yesterday for do balance in a act fact in the former i complex the that speakers more of 300 people . 
born in the area of in 1986 with the help aim to young with little training , without work , with problems of or in fall situation in the gives . 
since of yesterday in to a great number of responsible of entities and institutions that in these 25 years have with the partnership . 
diverse representation policy , in plenary electoral time , was the nature work unit done by . 
the president of the , and to their predecessor , speakers the act the of socialist , and the of mayor and current . 
did to the great room of the i the current of i , and the director general of the labour social of , . 
stated that born very in a time difficult and that the current also what is , but added that the work done to now & apos ; is a good basis & apos ; . 
president that to as example by know fight against the poor circumstances and by give hope to the people with difficulties . 
& apos ; crisis not is new something for the entity and for the work that for & apos ; , itself . 
a where is doing 
invaders is had of 11 of the 13 building strip , in , 51 
12 was the at of yesterday without offer resistance 
seems indicate that the that living the neighbours of 51 of the street of has come to their end . 
people abandoned the at of yesterday volunteer the that state illegally , and where that the , by legal order and without need of a intervention police . 
end the operation , is changed the of the door for avoid that is repeat the situation . 
& apos ; from of now will a access control & apos ; , stated the administrator . 
, that had plagued 11 of the 13 strip of building - rest are , is were all the plant we and part of the of water , also of paint the walls and stop waste of all kind , on all of alcohol . 
three first strip were the stage of the parties , that to two days and to the . 
building hand there a , 51 , that also is has seen printed . 
owner , he to that since that the building was occupied the business has down a 80 % . 
owner of the as that the invaders of the you doing unfair competition , already that the to three eur , while already in 10 . 
, the owner of local of leisure had that i to complaints by noise , while , according pointed , the bother not the cause the customers of the , but the inhabitants of the home and , on all , the assistants to the parties that there is , that had increased their often and serious not there often in according the neighbours of the area . 
responsible of the he that the bother so were large that even was to a agreement with the cases of and ago nine months that & apos ; you & apos ; the for . 
also this that during the last weeks had received more neighbours complaints by the situation . 
group president municipal of so in the city , had other the last week & apos ; of way immediate the for end with the problems of them and that are to the neighbours , as the confronting of the area & apos ; . 
popular leader he that before of summer only had a building floor occupied , but to what long of the last months the had past gone only long past in and almost in all the strip , and that even in one is there have belong . 
this sense added that , & apos ; is necessary end with the impunity and consist against the that is has led in the & apos ; . 
yesterday , the a building in . 
the hours the police is fuelled to the 35 of the street of , after receive the so-called of a neighbour that had seen that four people the building . 
four were detained in the time . 
? or mountain ? 
architects line in the opportunity of the call more beyond of controversial on refunded 
contest municipal on the 16 doors the debate on the role of in 
of the 80 , already in plenary on of the of ( ) , this a of promotion of . 
the mountain as the great park of the city . 
more , is of a compared , in figures , with the . 
the death of the , in 1987 , the park came to , not in 1987 , the park came to , in the imaginary of many , as the limit higher of , being the capital of the few that but down ( mountain ) ( sea ) . 
rating of as park natural organizations in this idea . 
reference already not was but , with the already not in of . 
these is was to that , in september , the city a an by 16 notice for other many access doors to . 
door planned to the park idea , without doubt . 
that or someone to put doors the field . 
question its single : , ? park or mountain ? 
contest , therefore by their face merely as by what that is of reflection on the city is the conversation issue between all the architects . 
almost already a issue recurrent the that spoil hand when two member of this former untouchables of elected is almost recognise already in . 
this fact does ordinary , exactly , to a of the few between what that opinion three architects , and teachers university , that is have presented . 
, and : the contest is right . 
, after addressed the with low-lying & apos ; is ago necessary & apos ; discuss on & apos ; the with of mountain & apos ; , all time that the speech of , the of the premium greens , not is has taken to out . 
& apos ; from of the basis of that the park more carry of is the a . 
other things by their great . 
is more complex & apos ; , ruling the architect for who the title of & apos ; doors of & apos ; within a & apos ; trap & apos ; : not there that not think in & apos ; as the to a park , but the of a areas where there that act & apos ; . 
, as and with experience in the world , described the proposal of & apos ; challenge intellectual & apos ; with & apos ; some dangers & apos ; . 
derivatives of what & apos ; uncertain that is today day project the space public & apos ; after the experience in the 80 and that had in the area of & apos ; their ending of & apos ; . 
first fear is the own of a borders on where is can build . 
& apos ; something is them already the next step & apos ; , is say , their . 
& apos ; that think in new instruments , of planning , because the current & apos ; in reference the ( ) & apos ; can give ordinary to disasters & apos ; . 
to the question , view that , the face of & apos ; can should as a park , the of , not & apos ; , by a question merely . 
reminds that already there a work fact by the of that & apos ; not must already fall not together in apos ; , although thanks the opportunity that the city offers to their of intervene in this project & apos ; since the first time & apos ; . 
still more , understand that the of the mountain with the city is the produced that allows to the architects into still in debate , but & apos ; doubt & apos ; on if is this profile technical the that must lead the equipment ( & apos ; all a rightly & apos ; , as ) that is have had that create : & apos ; architects should only be a tool & apos ; . 
nothing that the answer to the question that does title to this piece is complex , because much in the contest foundations lack a global vision of : & apos ; have 16 notice direct not in the sense , but there a reading , that see and understands the area in their whole & apos ; . 
from , the least in their case , that has choice by participate in the 16 notice . 
another way , a project for a of the doors can in programme and definition with the of architect of the door of the hand . 
their opinion , that yes , the city should ensure that the strip immediately higher to the of should at , immediately in their spread , a area of that a & apos ; softly transition between the city and what green . 
to and free nothing 
of days of , the before legal of the forgiveness the mayor brother of process that is you pursued by 
of remain days recognized , nothing then in freedom of that the before legal of you the forgiveness to the of , that still a process by blackmail against the mayor brother of . 
of attack the , the cases of , was public a photographs series and in the that you requirements the payment of a economic share for that the city allowed the operation illegal of the betting home . 
the public complaints , the state was a process criminal against the mayor brother and the 2 of september was arrested and deep-rooted by 30 days . 
of four hours to the of 3 in , was made to the of 1 , within in the of the capital of . 
that place during the 49 days following the a second order of then of that the agent of the crimes of and crime organised . 
19 of october was made the criminal of by with a million and heavyweights half to the owners of ; without however , only a hours however only already in medium-sized security that were death threats in their against . 
authorities you allowed continue the trial in the municipal cells of the . 
25 of october is you cell order of by the secretary of , who said that to almost two months of is enough evidence for determine the assumed of , such as the collection of million of heavyweights to the representatives of the home of betting to change of allow the operation of the same . 
monday , the before legal of , turned to the to apply the forgiveness for the mayor brother ; by what that in the next hours could restore their freedom . 
the legal , the agent of the , to if is had repaired the damage and who of the partners of the betting home was the that the forgiveness , although the lawyer tried aside the name . 
basis the dossier 197 / 2011 is make the forgiveness legal to and not in what will stand complaint any also in about the process that is you pursued ; of that not is you of damage or punishment . 
the hearing the before legal of the betting home , close of the 15 : 50 is issued the immediate freedom of . 
secretary of , is found to the yevgenyevka prison of the for ought to that has legally been and their dossier will . 
what of the freedom order immediate that issued the judge . 
secretary does accident details air where lost the life the secretary of , and seven people more 
of and ( ) informed that the results heap on the accident where lost the life the secretary of , and seven people more , show that the hawk is of direct way on the ground in full structural integrity , without that the pilot could try a landing enforced . 
a press conference , secretary of and , mentioned that before of 5.30 the , the pilot discovered that the climate conditions were the right for fly . 
& apos ; elements that seem indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the had contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the & apos ; . 
informed that the unit finally was for 19 people , by what that had with the necessary for carry the personal . 
, said that in the research not made in the research made in the impact area in the ground . 
& apos ; a search is actions that not there parts or components of the not in place , the impact is presented of structural way . 
& apos ; hawk design was for 19 passengers , had with suitable for to the passengers . 
ground is a outstanding of seven degrees to the 30 degrees of then . 
the time , the secretary was that is a priority have with the results before possible ; without however , the research can last several months , even could achieve a year . 
their part , director general of and , was that the impact time , the hawk of in at of cruise and that this happened in a ground harmonised . 
& apos ; information strengthens the of a normal operation of cruise the impact time & apos ; , expressed . 
the press conference , the want of the , six element relevant in the research : 
identity : 
to the classifies the flight is was under the flight rules identity , this means that the must have visibility during the flight and the ground . 
likely : 
in the conditions right the tens , with is the towards the area deeply between the and the of is were ground of to low all . 
: 
likely that by the conditions of the has a area of less raising and greater visibility towards the valley of . 
of impact . 
of impact and the last registration of the of radar line , probably before of impact not there control loss or at probably not there in . 
of remains of the in a area reduced : 
available information to the time by mean that the impact very happened in a straight and of hand . 
of remains of the by mean that the hawk is in the ground in integrity conditions structural . 
is has outbreaks ceasefire fact or explosion : 
the website of are without in the remains of the of some explosion kind or ceasefire . 
last results of the research show that could have had multiple contacts with the ground . 
the field jobs is have found parts of the to a raising of 9 thousand 200 feet on the level sea half , the ground is a outstanding that will since the seven degrees to 30 degrees of then . 
photographs show the sequence in the that expected is to what long of said way . 
information provided elements that seem indicate that the hawk could have had multiple in the ground . 
of the search thorough not in a area more wider that the website , around of accident , is have found parts pieces of the , what that strengthens the presumption of that the impact is presented in integrity conditions structural . 
is protocol for found obesity gene 
the a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is supported in specialists of 
of ( ) announced that us a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young , so-called protocol & apos ; of the obesity of the childhood and the adolescence & apos ; , that will have with related the obesity . 
a release , the head of the of in-house in of , he that is a doctors team , nurses , and social workers . 
team is supported by specialists and at of ( ) and of and of ( ) of ( ) . 
the research is taught to participate to the population be or not , come to the units sporting participants of not in of , where is have to out the evidence to the under , all the announces to from of the 8 : a.m. hours . 
that the protocol started in the ( of ) and that since the 8 of october , the activity is has to out in the ( of ) . 
time that is ! the aim of together to 500 or 600 under , the study together promoting in ( southern of ) and finally in ( the north of ) . 
that the purpose of this research is know the components and the importance of the genetic with regard the development of the obesity and identify in children and young mexican risk factors for prevent the diseases emergence disturbed . 
we this 14 of november the of the , that the aim together is to three thousand children and young between six and 14 age years , with the consent and supervision of their parents , for the specific implementation on food . 
is them on the physical activity and diseases background , with the purpose of avoid risk factors that as disease or recurrent . 
that the announces is them applies to all the participants measurements ( weight , enormous , circumference of ) , pressure decision-making pressure , determination of the levels of , and insulin and genetic ( is search identify genes that is to the obesity child ) . 
pointed that this research attack to the concern of the professionals of the health by the alarming weight increase in the under . 
& apos ; health surveys of 1999 and 2006 signal that so only in six years there a increase , there in case of the children , of 77 by % in obesity , and of the girls of 47 by % ; also in obesity , and of the girls of 47 by % ; in obesity terms of . 
that the justification for the search of the is in that the country population from of other by their genetic history . 
that in average , the mexican has 65 by inheritance indian american % , 30 by european % and five by % africa and this condition is too reflects in average , the mexican has 65 by inheritance indian american % , 30 by european % and five by % africa and this condition is reflects in the genes that is associate to disease and 
that of general way , the genetic of the obesity is too arising in the bath inability the of energy that ( lowcalorie ) and that is transported in blubber way . 
researchers he that the benefit direct for the participants is the assessment set of the children , what that allows detect if have some obesity degree or obesity . 
, said , the presence of colour ( ) in bottleneck and , that show the likelihood of that and to . 
information is & apos ; of way confidential , the doctors the by writing to the parents , to who is them explains every a of the measurements and the changes in the life lifestyle that must to for prevent diseases . 
he that there three main components that cause obesity , obesity and other : the , that is the activity physical lack daily , remain the greater day part but with the television and use transport media in place of with distances planes . 
is must to the high , is say , the greater alcohol consumption , of ( , bread , hamburger , etc ) with high content in tallow and chickens and the genetic that is analysing in this protocol . 
of the bumpy 
, researchers of the of the , develops modified with for produce a mixed with better every , regardless of the environmental conditions and of temperature 
the signals that middle the like met , not would necessary close of 200 thousand bumpy every season of not occurred in of , emergency , researchers of the of ( ) of the , who was that if the construction process and peacekeeping of a is the appropriate , the bumpy could even radioactivity in amount or , taken by completely . 
their conference opinion technological of the bumpy , therefore in the framework of the , was to know that the laboratory to their office develops modified with for produce a mixed with characteristics like to the of tried , but with a greater resistance set-up , to highest as to lowest temperatures . 
that this modified kind could extremely used in places where the climate is a , as some country north cities , for improve their every and , by what therefore , the bumpy training . 
that the tried , the part more disproportionately of oil , is a whole of , a of high weight , so-called , and other of under weight , so-called , that institutes you give the their characteristic behaviour . 
behaviour of tried very is in that to highest temperatures , close of the u-turn degrees , is means as a liquid-fuel , to 120 degrees degree their is high and to 50 degrees degree is a state almost hardest , while that to very temperatures lowest , the tried again is , added . 
previous means that not in the streets the resistance of tried is uniform , but that is will constitutes during the agreement day with the environmental conditions and of temperature , emergency the specialist in engineering chemistry . 
researchers of the observed that the streets of the of in their majority are covered by flexible , the which is consists of six materials ground , of the which the last three the tried . 
the ground more is the , by small stones then in tried and . 
a of the that is the , pointed , is with tried . 
the vehicles and efforts , this allows that the forces is very distributing well very well in 
is like of tried amended still is better , opinion the draughtsman chemical . 
the , is put a last layer so-called of , the which is nation of a stone material fine , is say , a bit that also also is in . 
is of the layer that will to be in contact with the of the vehicles , must have more force set-up that the and provide in the way . 
be the part of that will to receive and salvage the efforts , the of required , also , have the thick appropriate and is must after the material of that is nation . 
climate , especially the moisture and the temperature currencies , also are a factor very important to consider , especially also very in said , because affects significantly the every of the . 
the ground is , the water is disseminate in the internal of the and is difficult that from , this results a of all the ground of and , by what therefore , the bumpy training . 
the training process of a , said , the first only in is the film of and after is affects the , but the damage not happens , but that is a process that should to the first signals with suitable peacekeeping programmes . 
also member of he that the burden is another important factor also in bumpy training and , by this , the thick of every a of the ground of must always go in with the burden and ensure that is ! , for avoid that is train bumpy emotionally . 
emergency that still there much that with and work on the tried , by example , the , that still there already in is even are in market and by the bumpy with easily and without use need highest temperatures . 
? you latter to the candidate of for be the new ? 
of the factors that for that not the crown of . 
, their title number 14 of princess . 
new the of is with the wish of the crown of . 
time is had that shaping with be in the of , the silver crown and the such that the as new princess of . 
the result already obtained in , where the is with the crown and the , the department sum 14 titles of and is a to the women legion that have state close of the crown but that were between them ( dalmatian ) , ( ) , ( 1979 ) , ( 1981 ) , ( 1983 ) , ( 1987 ) , ( 1988 ) , ( 1989 ) , ( 1990 ) , ( 1993 ) , ( 2000 ) , ( 2007 ) , ( 2008 ) . 
the great question that many is do is ? latter ? 
the result represents the defeat of a great that in every presentation proved that she had all for be the new , not in every presentation proved that she had all for be the new , in is were the crown of . 
first factor that is as key first in decision that took the dates jury not in that with their answer to the question & apos ; ? is that book that you has some to you and by what ? nation by , of the . 
the replied : 
& apos ; much , i quite in literature , i that is a way of , definitely i that the book that i childhood cause is & apos ; & apos ; , is a book quite their . 
read & apos ; and punishment & apos ; , is a literature book universal that all we read ; and today in day i read the book of , a russian , a book that is out & apos ; of the blood & apos ; & apos ; . 
answer that little pleased first by the term & apos ; & apos ; and second by not explain of way particular of what way every one of the books that the have some . 
the conclude the ceremony itself you relaxed and happy with the result & apos ; the universe is what that has that through . 
for all the people , by favour read a , & apos ; & apos ; is a great book & apos ; 
the voyager is says that to the . 
journalist that the be the theories , the and the candidate that is was all the awarding provide ( challenge of , vote of public by the better suit notions , and ) , & apos ; that adherents the of the other assure , to the as and by that not in stage & apos ; . 
that is in their first presentation in suit of bathing in the a of and their two in the have of . 
in both safe , is that you missing the force and the impetus that the representatives of and yes presevo . 
, programme journalist & apos ; abroad in home & apos ; , of opinion that the fact of that outside princess & apos ; apparent that the candidate that more awarding earns during the contest not is as & apos ; . 
, is was to what last very with the press , and there is . 
is that not convince the jury on their interest towards the social work , that not is in the essence of . 
something , two days before of the election the international jury itself that them a woman with the social needs of their . 
& apos ; single beauty not enough not enough in there that look region beyond of what physical and firstly in there that look region beyond of what physical and in projects & apos ; , he . 
is that by their flaws in the and the that is you therefore precisely in the and the that is you in their , but is coming & apos ; natural & apos ; with the body more healthy , good food and physical responsible work . 
of recognised that not had the better body , that had best , & apos ; but their problem of not in , that the truth for my not very was , you struggle points not very in day & apos ; . 
therefore the journalist , of the magazine as that the mistake of the were the speeches that is . 
& apos ; well are , but not is the it do . 
body never was their strong and here is the & apos ; . 
this prize , that by first time over the of the , after of belonging not in suit of bathing about a humane that is whole , therefore is said that this was the that you to for should the will of the crown . 
or not , what true is that since today starts a year of , not as sovereign , but as princess , position that you offered the represent possibility to not in the international by designation of own . 
however , she will to the history as a of the that to despite of their step by , you was the crown . 
was the work of that designated the of 
of happened to the history as the man that this the death of & apos ; & apos ; . 
work of these officials is key . 
last 4 of november a of happened to the history as the man that this the identity of maximum head of the : & apos ; & apos ; , to through of their fingerprinting digital . 
the seven that in the of , that week you the time of & apos ; availability & apos ; to , a man of that has 21 years working in the research legal area . 
an their career , sometimes worked in municipalities of , where many had that by more of five days in the jungle for come the website in the that were the bodies that be at . 
the 2000 is found to the capital of and , then of to the courses appropriate , then is in that is the study of the fur of , is say , of the of the hands and of the feet . 
week of operational against to you leading that bring clothes minimum for three days . 
large you than . 
friday in the night went for the in a hawk since . 
that should identify two bodies and that is that one of them was of man that respected to the more former of world , by what that you allow that bring the card of ( their real name ) . 
however , when was with the research team the website however in that is was the not what recognised by their aspect physical , therefore very was different the that had not seen therefore very in 
without , clothing as a plead of the area , without glasses and much more slip . 
the fingerprinting not . 
of a , ink , a and a , the from fingerprints of with the of the card . 
eye not you : was & apos ; & apos ; . 
same night , the man of was the responsibility of the minister of , that yes is was of maximum head of the . 
search of the left 
a of the of the recognition that was the president to , very in the press wheel by the operational against & apos ; & apos ; , is significant . 
people not known our work . 
is a science accurate , without for of mistake , that can come to be key in the crimes resolution . 
of the bodies identification , the support research by crimes as and murder and bear the identity of the people . 
is aliens , many criminals have thinking or not have papers . 
them we the impression and the look in the data basis . 
researchers deputies that , in a case of , you validity a wall part of a home , therefore in a case of , you validity a wall part of a home , in and money . 
& apos ; walls are difficult because not are land for from a impression , but not in case we obtain the left of all the hand and identify the criminal , that had participated in different & apos ; , reminded . 
also fingerprinting can seeking or reaffirm also suspected in cases . 
little found to a man died , with wise of to their around . 
half of the research is that a family could be suspect of crime and , indeed , a left indeed in bottleneck . 
this not does that has been the murderer , yes what not in crime scene . 
of he that in the items & apos ; the fingerprinting is with chemical or physical & apos ; . 
officer , is used a or tape for . 
of this , the from are settlement to the , that is the data basis , or to the . 
& apos ; problem is that still there many dead-end papers & apos ; , house the expert of . 
that not all as is is shows not as in programme . 
as not all what that democratic is gold , not all what that again is left . 
however , if can be , if is for the enjoy . 
& apos ; & apos ; defy to authorities in 
of demonstrators is whom to the square for . 
great part the order of and is found to a near . 
those of movement this tuesday to the authorities of the treat of into of new , under the under of a legal order , to the square of where were of i and the treat of should another park of the . 
of demonstrators is whom to the square , where wanted access thank to a legal order that allows to the & apos ; & apos ; again to again in place , while that other movement part replied the may a park more the north of the city , where has there new arrests . 
& apos ; idea is that , if the court not we again allows to not again in , we to on again in , we to on in some another place and the legal battle by of tables and demonstrations peaceful & apos ; , said one of the for of movement & apos ; & apos ; , . 
that the answer of the & apos ; & apos ; the of their camp partly personally by the mayor of , was to the courts , where the issued a order that the place evacuation and did to the demonstrators to be . 
, the & apos ; & apos ; to the occupation of a new park it very close in the of the and the , of the entry the tunnel , that unite and , and property of the used of . 
least during a time intruder should the place , but after the turned and 17,900 to stop to some of the demonstrators , although not could confirm the figure concrete , while was to that was to several journalists that also were . 
organisation will that are several people hundreds the that is had already installed in that point , where is has a leaders religious delegation in support shows to the those of movement and that has treaty of with the . 
therefore , the square - is a of property still closed to the expected of the since of a legal view measures for this same tuesday therefore still in is must analyse the legality of the evacuation of this i . 
of the demonstrators idps to there and to these hours copies of that legal order and even the to the players that the square , what that resulted & apos ; some small clashes & apos ; , house , who deplored that some official coups to the demonstrators . 
legal order came to the authorities to the member of or apply & apos ; laws that is after of that mismanage the occupation or ban to the demonstrators access of new the park with shops or other properties that using before & apos ; . 
mayor house to the press that , because to that legal order , the city had suspended the of space the public and to the demonstrators , to the that alerted , without however , that the local laws not them by their to on with campaign shops and eye besides . 
for personally the taken to out of i of the square , a operation personally in that is 17,900 to around of 200 arrests and that is decided because the demonstrators were & apos ; violations the law & apos ; . 
he that was the order of the square because this is was becoming & apos ; in a place not in a place in the that the people but to all the laws and , already in some cases , to do damage to other people & apos ; , that & apos ; some business received threats & apos ; and the neighbours & apos ; by their life quality & apos ; . 
& apos ; of this i was and shows that in the fund is more interested in preserving the financial interests that the of the workers americans & apos ; , added the movement spokesman , who was the mayor of & apos ; the respect to the expression freedom & apos ; . 
responsible of & apos ; & apos ; also that think organise & apos ; large actions & apos ; for the thursday also in with organisations community and trade , for commemorate the two months that bladder the protests , that started the 17 of september . 
will the in a special of television 
to and other leading canadians , rise in the television programme & apos ; & apos ; & apos ; s to & apos ; the next 1 of december 
canadian has been the assistant of in & apos ; & apos ; , now in & apos ; & apos ; , in & apos ; & apos ; , of & apos ; & apos ; , the diplomat musician wife and a special of the television canadian . 
private channel of television announced today that , together with the & apos ; & apos ; ( ) and other leading canadians , rise together in television programme & apos ; & apos ; & apos ; s to & apos ; the next 1 of december giving life to a very particular . 
today television programme images also in the that , known by the wider distribution in internet of a video pornographic together in internet of a video pornographic in the that is battery of & apos ; & apos ; , is as the status in a that represents to . 
the scene , a known origin indian canadian that recently as recently in of the revolves & apos ; of & apos ; of , as is . 
of and , the special of account with the struggling canadian , that to end of march is not married in with the model argentina , and that is strange to the controversy . 
, phoned & apos ; & apos ; to the us during one of their concerts in . 
after the earthquake 
overall a 1.5 % thank the consumption share and being end to the spiral of that set in march 
the last march month the japanese economy is was paralysed , still by the devastating earthquake that still addendum in nuclear crisis , the worst disaster that the country since the . 
first estimates of the losses materials first in million of dollars , a coup that , despite the difficult context world , seems have . 
of three quarters of , the fact of between july and september was for through indeed , definitely : the is a 1.5 % indeed definitely in the previous quarter and a 6 % in rate . 
reported in the second quarter - for the japanese , the year tax also begins in the second quarter - for the japanese , the year tax begins in march of 2012 - is , 2010 . 
recovery is explains , in part , by the of the machinery buying for restored the areas by the and the after tsunami . 
fact , the companies by their investments in a 1.1 % , with the declining of % in capital expenses that is observed of january to march , the first been after of six hikes months . 
however , the real of the japanese economy not is on exclusively however not exclusively in taught to take the crisis for strengthen - or rebuild - the infrastructure , of the shortcomings for grow since zero . 
has reawakened , on all , thank to the consumption development share , that in the today represents the 60 % of . 
looks a 1 % , by the expenditure increase in vehicles , travel and leisure activities . 
stigma of 
is has the internal market , when the - the currency - is has become in one of the & apos ; values refuge & apos ; by the investors that withdrawing of the debt crisis in the area euro and the shady forecasts of , a privileged that overvalued as a in the accounts of the companies . 
a motto more strong , the products are more expensive abroad in the , a seriously precisely for a country whose line of economic next certain by the health of the large technological groups . 
or , by example , their weak results between july and september to the prices of . 
the markets are with their to the countries inner-city of the , the of not low the on-call . 
& apos ; that be vigilant to the risks that massive , as the deterioration of some foreign economies , the impact of the floods of and the fast opinion of & apos ; , pointed yesterday the secretary of , . 
, not in effect , the prospects are encouraging . 
for the and the ( ) that the majority of the countries member tabled in september signs more of weak economic . 
indicator that the points of turning in the economy world that of highlighted that the main powers is are . 
that struggle four to the points , with to the of august . 
area euro , even , is by below of the average , that even is in level 100 , the eight to the points . 
again to which the doubt 
says that is the adjustments , but the conservatives not no compromise writing 
the risk raw peripheral and the uncertainty in the , still in the , in the exit of the great debt crisis european . 
that of that the & apos ; consensus & apos ; of new of transition next more tax by the demands of that by a genuine others of the forces policies begins to permanently with facts . 
the new first minister , yesterday that not there alternative for the structural reforms and that the period of hundred days not agreed in designation perhaps is be short for implement , the party conservative leader , that not new austerity measures perhaps not in and their demand of new elections for the date measures , the 19 of february . 
& apos ; main task of this is apply the decisions of the summit of 26 of october & apos ; , the open yesterday a debate parliamentary that at morning with a confidence vote the new . 
package with 24 programmes for promote the employment , the code reform refunded of the officials and new measures against the evasion tax will the first initiatives . 
however , the message of not the doubt on their position : & apos ; we committed to help the of transition , but not we committed to nothing more & apos ; . 
conservative leader was a more far in to the and the , the bodies that must the million that needs with urgent , and he clear that not will their seen good to no get compromise letter of the adjustments . 
the , still by the impact caused by the of referendum of , yesterday that their demand is firm : not the aid if the new and the leaders of the main parties not & apos ; a compromise writing without ambiguity and what before possible & apos ; . 
spokesman of , he that the inspectors of the urged & apos ; very soon & apos ; to for be with the new & apos ; what that is needs for pay the sixth by & apos ; of million , although not there final date . 
greek still has will for member . 
: & apos ; instruments for the progress and the hope & apos ; 
least the place & apos ; & apos ; of in relationship to this finance kind 
& apos ; has reached a place to level world in the role of the & apos ; . 
reminded yesterday that the country is has become in these two last decades in the second donor of with in relationship to this of cooperation , whose & apos ; essence & apos ; pointed that dates in be a & apos ; instrument for the social progress , the justice and the hope of a future better for all the humanity , based in the confidence in the be human & apos ; . 
supposedly yesterday the of supposedly in the others of that & apos ; not there doubt & apos ; of that is operations kind are & apos ; absolutely viable & apos ; for achieve the of schedules by with horizon see , and , & apos ; very especially , not absolutely very especially very especially in reduction to the people volume half that live with income lower to a daily , with in the that is set the & apos ; poverty threshold & apos ; . 
& apos ; still working & apos ; for expanding the beneficiaries network & apos ; to all the planet corners , and moderating this task with & apos ; responsibility & apos ; , pointed , that formal that the initiatives and contributions that still is in , that is to the thursday , & apos ; ensure the creation of new capacities and best opportunities for the more poor , and on all for the women & apos ; , main cases of these loans . 
& apos ; many the infrastructural achievements & apos ; and & apos ; many the challenges to the that we faced & apos ; . 
of is with not only as a debate forum , but also as the platform since the that promote & apos ; two core & apos ; . 
, he that is to that to end of see are handled the million of poor families that have to these financial services and that hundred million of these who out of poverty threshold in the that are ragamuffin . 
momentum in the conception of the in and in the world rest & apos ; has followed the schedule must ago way years europe & apos ; by , as a & apos ; justice act and recognition because & apos ; . 
is that described the father of this tool as a & apos ; idealistic ago in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty & apos ; , whose work known since 15 years , when the was to for know on the ground their loans policy . 
this experience you followed a year more later the first later in other events as the in of in 1999 , 2006 , and & apos ; in all i been area the continual development & apos ; , he , whose link with this project you apocalyptic yesterday the of the & apos ; family head & apos ; in by part of & apos ; of the poor & apos ; . 
, the brought their intervention to the present to participate in the debate and in the solutions search for move in the fight against the poverty . 
& apos ; ethical & apos ; 
minister of , emergency that the solidarity & apos ; is a ethical & apos ; for all democratic state . 
this sense , an that would a mistake link the cooperation with already in development ways to of economic , that is a & apos ; duty permanent & apos ; . 
was that the excessive & apos ; a serious policy and thorough to eradicate the poverty & apos ; , and now & apos ; more that never & apos ; the countries governments developed must work under solidarity criteria and not stop that this be victim of the cuts . 
, the regrettable is in & apos ; a of the main cooperation lines the development & apos ; . 
their part , the of , & apos ; the success & apos ; of give & apos ; confidence & apos ; to the people & apos ; oppressed to who all close the doors & apos ; and the mayor of , of the , was the welcome to the present to a city that & apos ; opens their spirit doors sonntag & apos ; . 
proposes choose the european by suffrage universal 
first congress day of the ( ) , the monday 14 of november , first in has appropriations without large difficulties for , and of party . 
not is had not including in day order the future of , but the issue is imposed in autumn , finally in autumn , in particular for satisfy to the policy of currently is too little strict with the greeks and could if currently too in with the italian . 
motion on the of the , proposal by the direction , is virtually adopted by unanimity . 
the delegates , so only is crimes nine votes only in and ten . 
of several minutes that is , with their speeches , and , after several hours , the of , any possible doubt . 
idea key of the , and of the motion , is short not in a motto : the answer to the crisis & apos ; is least , but more & apos ; . 
only because is the peace , but also because & apos ; nine million of jobs on directly of euro & apos ; . 
the , & apos ; has come the time of open way in & apos ; . 
could votes also in amendments of for allow strengthen the control of the on the policies budgetary of the countries of the euro area , although could in the election of the by suffrage universal for & apos ; should a face to & apos ; . 
all case , that is a of the proposals of the motion adopted by the , clearly idea of . 
doubt , is little likely that the 27 quickly are to a agreement on this radical change : is shows hostile to he and the leaders of the seem know that also . 
the providing is on the ground . 
another hand , the delegates have rejected by a majority won the proposal of the weight of every country of the directive of obviously in weight role of every economy , what which the weight of . 
by the not encouraged in the internal of their party , the has increased the no to and . is that has tried who to their congress to at of the & apos ; small & apos ; countries european or of the countries in difficulties prepared to criticise to the arrogant . 
the motion on spins a paragraph to the importance of & apos ; the friendship & apos ; , not has to . 
of last . 
that , ago two centuries , ago is in bloody battle in . 
fact , was a of the more examinations for the army of . 
fraud impact in the lowest by disease 
the benefits , the and the a for against the lowest by disease . 
will the tuesday 15 of november already in for visit a responsible box of the benefits family and pronounce a speech on the issue , recurrent since 2007 , of the fight against the social fraud and the . 
, for - such for , that part of the will of way save thorough , but still so reminds to a & apos ; s of the campaign right presidential , the majority firstly want still so firstly in . 
first place , for apply budgetary cuts : the no impose to the sector private workers a fourth day of we before of power take the low . 
final , unless that there a company convention specific , a worker that ill lose four wage days , is say , a minimum of 15 % of their income month . 
is of a measure that could its a ira wave , but that would save million of eur , according . 
, would accompanied of other measure with a reach more symbolic : impose to the officials a day of we without remains not in case of low labour ( to the time , have we , with to the three days that apply is in private sector ) . 
is these issues , the majority again to put on the table also the fraud issue , this time looking towards the abuses of the lowest working . 
& apos ; to significantly the controls and , also , if is which to someone planned a fraud , must the & apos ; , emergency significantly talking also in sunday 13 of november . 
as that slightly in the other cases , the announcement effects seem for the fraud reality in on of lowest working . 
fact , since 2002 is for a monitoring constant of this question and is have it various offensive policies that , normally , have given emerged . 
french not more that not in rest of . 
with attention , in first place , the national figures . 
the french of the social security ( ) , in 2006 is more of million of eur in particular by lowest working . 
the french of research and background in economy of the health , the benefits by the lowest , in 2008 , the 5 expenditure % health , to million of eur . 
this sum , the 46 % is to the lowest by leave and by accidents working , while that the 54 % is related with the lowest by disease , figure that out to million of eur . 
therefore , the 2.5 expenditure % therefore in . 
2010 , the french have a days average of low labour , with to in 2009 , according a group study . 
average that , without doubt , behind non-availability : other survey , not published in 2007 by the management syrian professional , that the 75 % of the french workers rushing that had or a only day of low by disease . 
study , in this case of the , points that in 2010 the 37 % of the lowest by disease had a long-term than to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more extended . 
the compared with our european neighbours , the french workers not are more that not in areas to take lowest by disease . 
long study long done in by two top researchers that , between 1994 and 2001 , the lack global rate of work ( therefore by health reasons as of another kind ) , therefore in between the 10 % and the 11 % , with to a 20 % and a 28 % in , a 15 % in or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the . 
fraud not in the lowest by disease especially is significant especially in with the work not declared . 
fraud has a reach quite limited . 
forward of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused that the controls of the lowest by disease of more of 45 days are . 
2008 , of 1.5 million of inspections , the , too in a 13 % of the by , that the lowest of short long-term were & apos ; unjustified or we & apos ; , is say , cases . 
the case of the lowest of more of 45 days , untreated to inspections , is was that the 11 % of the cases were & apos ; rightly or ; a figure that , taking as starting a total of 1.2 million , out to . 
therefore , is than a cases total & apos ; & apos ; between several million of workers that a low by disease . 
doubt , a figure minor in compared , by example , with the work in black . 
the member of the , author of a report on this question significantly in june , this personal practice a income losses tax of between and 15 million of eur the year , is say , more that the cost total of the benefits by lowest and , without doubt , more that the fraud in this last area . 
: must apply a new adjustment plan 
will to laws a new adjustment plan for getting their economy . 
is what that declared the monday 14 of november , the to the ; also added that the hundred days that is have granted to their of union not for such achieve aim . 
& apos ; to efforts that about to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our european partners and a new adjustment budgetary programme & apos ; , declared the of , that their first speech public during the debate opening on the confidence vote the wednesday . 
execution of the decisions taken during the of the euro area the 27 of october will the & apos ; main task & apos ; of new government , since that & apos ; is in at & apos ; the of country in the euro area , added . 
result , has be that the deficit country public is reduce & apos ; to around of 9 % & apos ; of before of year end , after achieve a % in 2010 and a % in 2009 . 
right this new austerity measures 
, the right group head , was the monday their support to the measures already published for try out of the crisis of the debt , but has having that their party not is with austerity additional measures . 
& apos ; we in favour of new measures & apos ; , stated during a meeting with the members of their party & apos ; & apos ; . 
that was of agreement with the deficit reduction objectives and of the debt , so as of fight against the funded , but so in of any policy that prevent the economic recovery . 
, of and , that emergency of that the and the not the also of million of necessary eur without a guarantee written of support of all the parties to the measures will , has would that their word would enough and that not nothing to cause of the pressure external . 
experts committee says that must the euthanasia and the suicide attended 
canadians live denied the death , according points the report of the of 
on of care palliative , the committee angle that the governments , the assistance institutions health and the doctors for ensure the best care palliative , and not only not only in cases . 
canadian live society denied the death . 
fact , so only 9 % of the canadians is prepared to about with their doctor on the conditions only in want die and take provisions to such effect . 
is of a of the conclusions of a achievement report of the of , that deputies with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the ethical , the legal and the doctor . 
committee should the that seems the way criminal that is enable the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient is with this option and has been goes responsible for take the decision . 
start , the experts a recent survey of the that the quality of the death in 40 world countries . 
as the tenth since , the study out that & apos ; the of the death in has led a culture in the that the people have treat fear the issue of the death & apos ; . 
failed or not , the 77 % of the canadians not have access to care palliative , according show the experts earmarked by the of . 
, to despite of that the majority of the canadians to die in home , the % of them has in the hospital . 
whole , the rate more high in this sense the has , where a 1000 % of the deaths is in the hospital . 
what concerning the delicate issue of the euthanasia and of suicide attended , the report authors came to a conclusions that not line with the position of federal , that already has declared that not to are the criminal not already not in and the suicide attended . 
however , according the experts , that also have examined the situation however also not in countries where these practices have been or are a crime criminal , not there no test of that the fact of that not are considered a crime criminal not has caused a abuse of their implementation , is say , the use of the euthanasia or of suicide attended with people not competent or that not would given their consent . 
, of report , regarding yesterday by that , the contrary , is more careful not in those countries where is have legalised the euthanasia or the suicide attended . 
& apos ; is practices the euthanasia , although clearly is illegal & apos ; . 
& apos ; is practices the suicide attended , although clearly is illegal & apos ; , explains . 
canadians , favourable to the euthanasia 
that the 85 % of the canadians already is also have to favour of the euthanasia , since that opinion that would to the people whose death is next alleviate their suffering , according points a survey of so already also so in 
, the 66 % believes that the fact of legalising the euthanasia not will to understand that the life of the people elderly or disabled has least value . 
as to the people that have the suicide attended , the 41 % of the view that not should cartoon a process against them . 
relationship with the peacekeeping or reminded of the assistance health to a patient , the situation not so is clear , according show the report authors . 
, between their recommendations suggest that is legally include in the criminal that the withdrawal of the care health , if is have rejected , not is a crime criminal . 
experts committee calls also that is to the professionals health also in respect duty the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance the end of their life without fear to face to a complaints . 
on of care palliative , the committee angle that the governments , the assistance institutions health and the doctors for ensure the best care palliative , and not only not only in cases . 
last , already in relationship with the sedating shown or terminal , that is used in the institutions health of , the committee calls that , unless that as for reduce the physical pain , is how as euthanasia and is submitted to the ourselves procedures . 
experts reserves 
area experts of health already have said their reserves already in with the report conclusions of the experts of the of . 
, specialist not in of the health , has described of & apos ; extreme & apos ; the position of the experts that the report , between other things because is limited the practice of the euthanasia to the people in stage terminal . 
& apos ; is the open door to a situation in the that someone that is of live and have more of 18 years can for aid for suicide & apos ; , out , that yesterday a short of report . 
mr least also that the report authors seem give priority to the autonomy personal on any another value of the society . 
well , adds that & apos ; well in , there hotel and constraints & apos ; . 
specialist also in of the health expressed their & apos ; strong opposition & apos ; with regard to the report conclusions , that as of & apos ; clear to favour of the euthanasia & apos ; . 
, that also belongs to the of , also being in separatist especially the abuse lack especially in countries where the euthanasia and the suicide attended are legal , as in the and in . 
king of encouraged the to leave the power 
complaints a & apos ; plot & apos ; 
is every time more standing 
of is demonstrated yesterday to the building of . 
is intensified the pressure diplomatic on the of that , with the support of , the and complaints that there a & apos ; plot & apos ; against the country . 
days after of the from of by part of the , the has reinforced the sanctions against , while that and , of , is have said to favour of power relinquishing by the . 
king of was yesterday the first leader arab that asked the that & apos ; abandon the power & apos ; already in , where have died a of civil and of member of the regime forces . 
& apos ; really is concerned by their country , should resign , also of create the necessary conditions for a new stage of the life policy syria & apos ; , stated the king of , country neighbour of , really also in for the . 
their part , the head of the turkish diplomacy , has regretted that the mediation efforts that has being since year beginning with the syrian regime have over in a failure . 
& apos ; not not are in not in the with their people and they , & apos ; , declared speaking to , country neighbour with regard the which is introducing a position every time more hard . 
their part , after the decisions of the and of the , the have fact that is has & apos ; reinforced the consensus against and the regime actions & apos ; syrian . 
& apos ; international community , the , the , the and other countries , as , are introducing a besides every time more hard & apos ; with regard to the repression in , out , spokesman of . 
therefore , already have lost the life 16 civil and the least 19 member of the regime forces therefore already in of , in the southern of , according has announced the syrian of the rights human ( ) . 
two civil have died & apos ; during see and with machine indeed in apos ; in the city of , according points this . 
a press wheel , the syrian of , as by their part that the country & apos ; is towards the end of the crisis & apos ; . 
, has towards strongly to the decision of the of decision to damascus of their duties , what which strongly in opinion is & apos ; a dangerous step & apos ; . 
& apos ; not & apos ; , added , thus that & apos ; the against & apos ; . 
the decision to , currently the investigated a & apos ; protection mechanism of civil & apos ; and to send to 500 organisations member rights human arab , of the media and observers military the country . 
french of , also has said their support the observers sending of the for make to protect to the civil with to the regime repression that , also in opinion , is within in the & apos ; & apos ; . 
be that is take a new extraordinary meeting of the morning in for put to point the exit plan implementation of the crisis adopted the 2 of november that no , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities that are in hands of the opposition and the release of the demonstrators detained . 
russian of , has goes yesterday as & apos ; wrong & apos ; the decision of the , while that to apply the exit plan of the crisis , although not their support to the implementation of possible sanctions against . 

calls time to the markets and handouts to the italian 
future head of italian , has asked time something to the markets for be their team and put in into a programme that include & apos ; handouts & apos ; for to restore the credibility delayed during the last months of . 
former indian yesterday with the political parties and today is met with the trade and the . 
be a relatively restricted , up by technocrats integrated the . 
& apos ; has about of a broader programme with many handouts & apos ; , stated , member of one of the small boom groups parliamentary that took in the events , after have met with the of & apos ; s . 
their part , the of the of , has previous that expected that before of friday a confidence vote the for ensure that the new will of enough support . 
consultations features with the presentation , by mr part , of a limited list , without doubt of a dozen of , the of , . 
has speakers the of the markets and of the yesterday , desire time . 
the & apos ; democracy , there a deadlines precise & apos ; for be a and preparation their programme , preparing , that is & apos ; sure of that the markets will and what & apos ; . 
designation by the 9 successful the by of the markets , but after is imposed the concern , in particular after a fall of the industrial production in the euro area in september . 
& apos ; s should create a team mainly set by technocrats , even if has & apos ; that you like include to & apos ; political & apos ; . 
new must work to 2013 , date of the next legislative , as . 
the of the of , the new hope the confidence vote of before of friday . 
is has committed to that , when take the office , taking in account the urgent and with the aim of that & apos ; unparalleled their bigger & apos ; in . 
spokesman of has & apos ; that & apos ; even with a new , not our diagnosis of the italian economy & apos ; . 
, convinced of that not reach their aim of get a balance budgetary not in to despite of the austerity plans adopted during the last months , has asked the adoption of new rigour measures . 
& apos ; head of the heads & apos ; italian , that you be the , also stressed in need of promote the economy , & apos ; since that a country that not overall not can respect the requirements not in deficit & apos ; . 
, famous by their competition and their independence as ( ) , is a & apos ; time change & apos ; for after 17 years of & apos ; & apos ; the & apos ; professor & apos ; symbolises & apos ; the challenge of the seriously & apos ; and & apos ; other & apos ; , according by the . 
great will the longevity of their team . 
want avoid a elections early , since that has that around before of april of 2012 a 200 million of eur early in of . 
scientific russian has with the nuclear programme agenda 
scientific russian , has with in the development of a that is can use with a nuclear weapon , according stated the monday a american specialised in the risk provide . 
the researchers identification , the of and ( ) is on in a recent report of the of the ( ) and in other documents issued by this agency of the . 
the last week their & apos ; serious concern & apos ; by a & apos ; possible military dimension & apos ; of nuclear programme agenda . 
the , desire in documents of the , born in , would worked during three decades , since the years 1960 , in a centre nuclear military soviet in ( ) and would participated in the diamonds mass-produced manufacture by explosion . 
1989 or 1991 , would abandoned the centre for be a company aiming in the production of & apos ; nano-diamond & apos ; in . 
economic problems of their company you would taken to only in , in 1995 , with the of in . 
, is believes that with the programme agenda between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to . 
their last report , the mentions that there & apos ; clear signs of that is developing & apos ; a system of nuclear & apos ; with the aid of a expert abroad , that not only well standing the technical , but that also , according has informed a member to the , worked during the greater part of their career abroad not only well also only well also in origin country & apos ; . 
crimes and crimes against muslims have increased a 50 % 
crimes and crimes against the muslims have close increased of a 50 % between 2009 and 2010 , while that , close in same period , the other violence racial types and religious have has or only increased slightly , according show the commercial statistics by the monday . 
these figures , the number violence acts total committed against muslims has last of in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is say , has increased in a 49 % , with to a takes of 13 % in the case of the violence acts against the , a reduction of 4 % in the crimes against jews and a global increase of 14 % in the crimes number and crimes . 
number total of & apos ; crimes of hatred & apos ; has slightly grown to the cases , of the which a % is must to differences lay and a 20 % to religious differences , according points the . 
& apos ; a decline again in 2009 , is worrying that have to increase this crimes kind and crimes & apos ; , preparing the defence organisation of the rights human , & apos ; the increase of the violence acts against muslims especially is significant & apos ; , added the organisation especially in release . 
& apos ; has much time by that the violence against the muslims , so as all the crimes types of hatred , should be a serious violation of the rights human & apos ; , adds a responsible of the organisation , . 
& apos ; us can and must by put end to these abuses & apos ; , adds , recital that these efforts could include a improvement of the reports of the police on the & apos ; crimes of hatred & apos ; . 
& apos ; crime of hatred & apos ; in the federal us is of the time of the fight by the civil rights . 
legislation is adopted after the death of for punish the violence acts with to the race , the colour of the fur , the religion , the origin and , now , the then sexual . 
time their platform and is seems more to 
head website the monday the presentation of their platform for allow to their users , little in particular , observed the activity of the people to the that are , what which from that their service is some a more the of . 
new & apos ; activity & apos ; and other so-called & apos ; name & apos ; by continue more and in direct the activity of other & apos ; & apos ; , is say , of those whose messages ( & apos ; & apos ; ) still in direct the activity of other & apos ; & apos ; , is say , of those whose messages ( & apos ; & apos ; ) in 
allows know if give monitoring to messages , if is to accounts new , if as of odds-on some message , etc 
new formula of is & apos ; with a small users percentage in august & apos ; before of the rest of the network the monday , according has place to the spokesman of , . 
, that was known by their functioning little , with terms slightly ( for a message of other person , of a ) you a4-0216 , & apos ; s & apos ; to a large preferences a comparable preferences to a4-0216 finishing et r . 
the network , the users have debated to coup of & apos ; & apos ; with different views the interest of this innovation . 
& apos ; pointless , is and is too seems to & apos ; , says opening . 
& apos ; role i will to help to continue better some elements of my flow & apos ; , says opening . 

of a & apos ; gold rule & apos ; budgetary in the 
of great coalition democrat / that is in the power in has decided the tuesday so include in the power in has decided the tuesday include in the a & apos ; gold rule & apos ; budgetary for reduce the deficit public and , of by part of the rating agencies credit ( three ) . 
the own democrat , who announced this decision after a of , when the debt public austrian than the % , a figure very higher the limit maximum of 60 % at by the of , but clearly than to the countries debts as , or . 
& apos ; is the solvency of in a only level , of to r , we that pay individuals million of eur more in interests every year & apos ; , pointed the of , . 
mood so to a request of the of to the countries member of the euro area of last 26 of october : so in , the of and of allow the inclusion , before of end of 2012 , of the deficit reduction public and of the balance recovery of the public accounts in the or in a with value equivalent . 
has adopted by the is the & apos ; model german & apos ; , since that was the first european country that adopted that kind of & apos ; rule & apos ; . 
of , the public deficit structural should reduce every year not in a product internal gross % ( ) and , to from of , the public deficit structural of federal should overcome every year the % of , while that the regional , so as the , should it budgets . 
aim is in that , towards 2020 / status , the debt public is reduction under the criterion of 60 % at by the of . 
strong 
threat with a new change market intervention 
, emergency the tuesday of that the authorities give the some of change if the pursued increasing . 
& apos ; , such as what did the last time , if that is a speculative excessive & apos ; in the change kind of , he the . 
tuesday , the was to achieve a levels next to the were historical that there the intervention of the authorities the 31 of october . 
day , marketed by dollars for down the value of the motto , that had of achieve a new record since 1945 in compared with the currency us . 
the has gone promised since then , motivated by the investors purchases that what they a & apos ; value refuge & apos ; then in times of weak economic world and of debt crisis in . 
dollar to again to the tuesday to least of 77 and the euro has fallen by below of the symbolic of , a levels next to the that wave the last intervention . 
of the financial crisis of , the dollar is to around of 120 and the euro to more of 160 . 
explosion of the motto particularly to the exports of , since that the products particularly in reduces the value of the bad income abroad in the by the companies when the become to the national currency . 
& apos ; is fighting by & apos ; after the and the tsunami of 11 of march , that the region of ( north-east ) , preparing , that afraid that the of court of as the weak recovery . 
third economic power world has displaced the growth in the third quarter ( a 1.5 % in relationship with the previous quarter ) , by first time in a year , thank to a increase of the exports and of consumption of the who affected by the disaster . 
the as that the high level of not the & apos ; economic foundations of & apos ; . 
of , has asked the of ( ) , that supposedly the tuesday a meeting of two days of their of monetary policy , that take all the possible measures for the . 
however , the deputy of the institution , emergency of that the already had taken & apos ; the measures right & apos ; , giving to understand that not should a greater monetary flexibility the wednesday . 
their last meeting to end of october , the emission institute not increased in five billion of ( million of eur ) their purchases of , moment to the 55 billion of ( million of eur ) the threshold of the funds that spins to the of various financial titles for the sums market . 
of euro : 
the types , the regulator 
infection risk of the crisis of the debt still to the population european . 
despite of appointment of new of so in and , as of a best growth figures in and , the types of the countries more are increasing . 
industries by the stability of the stability of the euro area , the european regulator is nation a little more little in area negative the tuesday 15 of november . 
, to the 10 hours , the 40 lose a 1.4 % and is at to points . 
lose in a mere % and in a % . 
& apos ; in account the new tensions rather in account the new tensions in relationship with the strong of the loans of the of the euro area more affected , the markets of all the world are & apos ; . 
& apos ; investors , perfectly are aware of infection risk & apos ; , explains , corridor institutional perfectly in chamber by the agency . 
of has closed with a % fall , updated the concerns of the market controllers in relationship with the capacity of contain the crisis of the debt . 
& apos ; , as the world rest , has the look set in and the exchanges will not in and the exchanges will in a for of small currencies , of way that the investors situation is has & apos ; , as , funds workforce in . 
of the concerns by the future of the area of euro affects to the currency only , that still the tuesday . 
euro still in level more under since ago a month and half . 
the 10 hours , the motto european worth dollars , a fall of mere % . 
the corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the , the , that is met the monday in the , a motion that no , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties of the euro area without leave the . 
italian types and senior spaniards with the 6 % 
types of and there to a levels very worrying . 
tuesday by the morning , the performance of the italian obligations to 10 years amounted the % , while that the titles spaniards the same long-term a % . 
tensions also in relationship with the interest types of the countries of southern , although of , are the fears of the controllers . 
head of future italian , has asked time to the markets for improve the situation in , that at the risk of with the weight of their debt . 
new greek , by their part has previous that the implementation of the decisions taken in the of the euro area the 27 of october would the & apos ; main work & apos ; of their . 
is in the beggar point of the markets , while that the sunday is couple there the elections legislative . 
difference of the types ( & apos ; & apos ; ) between the obligations to 10 years in and , has reached a new maximum historic . 
the expected of the growth figures of the euro area 
the view point while , has reported a economic growth of mere % in the third quarter , is say , a figure more favourable that the % be , by the consumption share . 
, without however , has revised to the low the figure of second quarter , with a product % internal gross reduction ( ) however in of a extends . 
, the fourth quarter is the that really concerned to the economists . 
, by their part , has reported a growth of 0.5 % in the same period . 
out the first forecasts for the whole of the euro area to the 11 hours , after of that the has having on the risk of a new recession . 
energy : 
the facts must assert more that the undistorted 
there a issue that not is can treat not taking in considerations of short long-term or simply simply thinking in emotion , is the policy energy . 
availability and the cost of the electricity impact directly in power purchasing and in the competitiveness of the companies . 
appropriate that a i electoral be the think time on such issues and on the place of the nuclear energy . 
debate only will useful if investigated the whole of the economic consequences , social and environmental of the options proposals . 
french must resorted their opinion in facts objectives , in data rational . 
that we million of people in the planet , the demographic development plus the duplication of the demand we before of 2050 , to least that is to a huge part of the population world of a element vital . 
same time , will that admittedly the shortage every time greater of the resources fossil for continue taking electricity continually , without forget the need of reduce the effect gases emissions greenhouse for fight against the change climate , a issue that has disappeared of debate ecological . 
accident of not change none of these parameters . 
that , away single away in decision of up to the nuclear energy . 
not is the case or of , that hearing the their to the need of find a source capable of , or of , that only has by build central aim of last generation . 
another hand , and , by quote some examples , forward are with determination with their projects . 
, by their hand , after determination add a unit to their park , the construction of a central after the accident of . 
the model german , based in the renewable energy , is in times as example , the reality will in against of such speech . 
election of will to mean a of price of the electricity , a greater on energy by the gas need imported , in particular of , a increase of the emissions of by the construction of central of gas and of coal . 
a months , is the harmful effects . 
on the case of . 
of also in the sector , of which this the 30 % of their electricity , is one of the large coal users and of gas because to the of wind ; by this reason , their emissions of and the price of their electricity are , respectively , a 65 % and a 50 % more high that the average european . 
the contrary , thank to the have of our policy energy , our neighbours a electricity bill a 40 % higher to the of the who french . 
that in a economy restructurings the cost of the energy is a factor key of the competitiveness and a peacekeeping guarantee of the usefulness industrial in the territory national , the companies french is benefit of the electricity more cheap of . 
that reason , any reduction significantly of the nuclear energy eye a strong takes of price of the electricity , what that realism to the statements on the of our country and the defence of our power purchasing . 
is of a price that the great majority of the french is refuse to pay and , of fact , not opposition by principle to that energy kind , according show the surveys . 
that the policy energy of our country has lost build a industrial sector with work jobs director and jobs . 
looking to the export , ways a specialist galaxy not in the international markets and that can create jobs . 
leave the nuclear energy , eye the of great part of these and the loss of the 6 million of eur year in exports equipment french and nuclear services . 
? a designed for work sixty years , when is be the collapse of their manufacturer ? 
right the equation of the nuclear energy , there that admit that not there a source electricity production miracle , the as that not there a source . 
development by part of solutions with lowest emissions of , nuclear and renewable , shows the nature complement of the energy sources . 
the case of the nuclear energy , is essential keep the maximum security level . 
, have of a of security that has a control at and transparent therefore on the central existing as on the construction of . 
equipment , of recognised professionalism , also are obsessed by the security . 
half century , the nuclear sector has suffered three serious accidents . 
only one , the of , is in only in not in normal conditions ; resulted consequences or for the people or for the half environment . 
, the accident is due the reactor design and to a human failures . 
, some people seem forget that the accident is due to two natural disasters of a reach without unprecedented , that wave the people thousands tens death . 
nuclear sector of this accident , such as what was of the two previous . 
to these progress and to a cooperation between the security authorities , and the operators and french arrangements and germans , the is a capable design of to such phenomena . 
what all the players afraid that want build a central , the reminded of their construction in would a great gift for the competitors of and , since that them commodities free way for taking the leadership in the inevitable sector nuclear development . 
essential and legitimate seek the best options for our country , but would irresponsible stop that the statehood , the undistorted and the refer a debate so important for the economic situation , social and financial of our country . 
immigration , ? a burden or a opportunity for the economy ? 
immigration policy roundly by has been on since various view points : the of the services police , judicial and administrative subject to the figures policy , the compatibility of this policy with the statute of & apos ; country of the rights human & apos ; of . 
recently , is the harassment administrative of the foreign students the that has to the headlines , with the of ( the newspaper of 23 of may ) of last that & apos ; not needs foreign , workers or & apos ; . 
however , rarely time is analysing since the view economic point . 
question is that , on this issue , there quite consensus between the left and the right . 
the case of the right , the it not in 1976 that & apos ; unemployed should be a problem for a country that account with close of two million of workers immigrants & apos ; , while that not in the left , the besides what that & apos ; can done office of all the world misery & apos ; in 1990 . 
only difference , the generosity degree 
2005 , therefore the left as the right the fear to the invasion of territory national by a of poles . 
both , is as that the immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society french . 
only difference only is in generosity degree with the that act with regard to the immigrants . 
their programme , is limited to include , those that the will right the & apos ; problem of the migration & apos ; . 
idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , perhaps currently is , but economically its very for . 
as guarding the economists and in a labour recent that sums the knowledge more recent on the immigration ( : and , may of 2011 , . ) , there a broader consensus between the specialists on the positive impact of the flows migratory in the economic growth , the wages and the employment in the countries that receive immigrants . 
- of the immigration particularly in the growth and the employment . 
fears related with the impact of the immigrants is based in the idea of that these can replace to the national workers , in particular to the little qualified , recognised for that is reduce their wages . 
the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more well commission that substitutes of the national workers and mainly use professions in sectors with employment lack . 
little qualified immigrants not working in sectors that by to national workers and the more qualified not in sectors enjoy where the training is the demand of personal . 
positive effect on the wages 
same way that a surgeon would difficulties for work in a country that have lack of , the between national and immigrants from that the arrival of these last welcome anything in the wages and the employment of the national . 
in account what previous , that a increase of 1 % of the flows migratory is a takes of the real wages to long long-term of between a and a % . 
, without have in account the fact of that the diversity that the immigrants towards to the ideas creation and the economic growth ( there a great proportion of awarding americans and companies as , and were considerable by immigrants ) . 
immigrants also are taxpayers contributors to the social systems , since that of average a 1 budget % total also in countries european . 
of estimated , by example , that in a immigrant that comes with a age of 30 years operators a contribution ( income least expenses ) of eur to the public budgets of average during all their life . 
principle of their mandate , wanted go to seek the growth points that you & apos ; with the european & apos ; . 
european , that to the immigrants , exactly had the effect salem . 
invented the democracy , only you lack only think in european democracy 
democracy is a well precious , but also fragile . 
continent european should power of this already that , although is already invented ago in of two thousand years , to what long of century has suffered the tragedies of the , the , the exalted , but also to long also in , the in . 
perhaps up that , for that the democracy definitely on their enemies , would enough exercise the vote and of way more direct possible . 
, since & apos ; the & apos ; , that is was of something thought . 
suffrage universal , although is of a necessary condition for the democracy , not is enough by yes only and even can not become only even in oppression instrument & apos ; , as said home the . 
, the democracy much required more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , solidarity economic and social , justice . 
crisis that live in is a economic crisis , but is to point of become in a crisis policy and democratic . 
of referendum greek had , to this regard , a double effect intend : was the need of a return take of the sphere policy , but also the worrying that of their alternatively , of their inconsistency . 
on this ambivalence for . 
truth is that the lines of with of the democratic battle currently is have and that , currently in cases , the soldiers already republicans not already making not in sense . 
gaining if we a starting of referenda national , organised in role of the needs and of way . 
signing in white the european all or a high the we of hole : ! what options for the citizen ! 
, not want from effect coups , but a common exercise , of plenary right , pace and beside , of the options and the democracy , this time to level european . 
there crisis there in , ( of fact , not where end the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of . 
whole of is the that is to the orders of the markets and of the rating agencies , that the that unaccompanied their powerlessness and their solidarity lack . 
the whole of the that suffering a humiliation in the sphere international . 
preaching by the sovereignty transfer to , but is all the that slowly lose the sovereignty and , with she , every a of their nations . 
more urgent is that the popular sovereignty unparalleled the expectations of project european . 
only together will the european reduce the weight of their debts , shake of the markets and preparation their future by the investments . 
exit of the crisis stop decisions to level european that not will issue without a democratic legitimacy total , unless that be for the disaster . 
have fought during much time against this proposal of the socialists and of , all the world calls in the today a economic european governance . 
so be . 
think in she without a greater integration policy and democratic , and without that be as such by the citizens , would a new madness and we would to a new point died . 
taking a new stage of the construction european . 
build the in , was be & apos ; do & apos ; republicans . 
motivated by interests not would enough . 
lesson still being applies . 
build a more integrated since the view economic point . 
is will achieve build a more democratic in the level political , a real popular european sovereignty . 
build , us european . 
cards with chip & apos ; without contact & apos ; is 
met world of the chip cards is found the tuesday in , close of , with a positive environment . 
fact , the year 2011 should conclude with a increase of 11 % in the sales cards world with ( cards bank , mobile with cards , etc ) , with a total of 6 million of units , according are of . 
segment more take is the of the technology without contact , that allows buy the transport simply in common or the purchases arena the card to a . 
year is in all the world million of cards with chip without contact , ! 320 million more that the previous year ! 
share should continue increasing in 2012 ( is out million of units ) and represent close of a 10 market % world of the cards with chip ( million of cards ) . 
, that has much time with regard to the region of , is gaining ground in the payment sector without contact . 
of 26 million of cards bank already have of this role , that is will already in intermodal . 
, their beginning are more modest : is are being 400 cards without contact . 
the large land working by four . 
has we this year 2.5 million of cards without contact . 
get the into higher , not however , is necessary that the banks the reach to available of their customers . 
& apos ; two large french calls that is have committed to systematically salvage in future , between their customers , cards system bank without contact & apos ; , is , director general of . 
banks proves the payment by telephone mobile 
so only is a first stage towards the payment half of future : the telephone mobile . 
the today , there few alcohol with the technology ( ) , essential for to the transactions . 
& apos ; are & apos ; . 
& apos ; should by end risky a real booming the year that next & apos ; . 
& apos ; that is between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world & apos ; , explains , president of . 
the banks take the . 
bank announced yesterday the launching of a test between december and the next june in . 
the of around of 200 customers and colleagues with a that allows the payment without contact . 
at of a similar project in and . 
the also has previous yesterday that is for the marketing of a supply that enable to their customers pay without contact to through of their mobile . 
to , the with terrorist will in increase 
is concerned by the links between in the islamic and the . 
links between the group terrorist ago in the islamic ( ) and the thinks of , on the that is since time , is have confirmed . 
sunday , the of , even stated that already & apos ; has the & apos ; . 
& apos ; way in that both organisations operating and the reports of the intelligence services shown that are & apos ; , he , without they more details . 
seems come to a similar conclusion . 
research on the previously of two french previously in last january would since the . 
together in a & apos ; of by people relating with , of and died the day next with several of their during a operation launched by the special french forces . 
the rubble of the intervention , the french researchers and took discovered several that consigned to the terrorists . 
terrorist 
study of the so-called made points towards several partners based in , and . 
( ) , two numbers especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a that during much time especially in a north city of , cradle of , and the another to a man that , supposed , is near to and to the . 
& apos ; is of a progress , but without doubt we wait to evidence more formal before of about of cooperation operational between and & apos ; . 
& apos ; is possible & apos ; . 
& apos ; since ago years that the support financial have and intellectual foreign and that every time is more active & apos ; , says , a researchers . 
last months , these & apos ; support & apos ; had result every time more clear in the development and the speeches of or now in the development and the speeches of or in their any operational , that time more complex and of same lifestyle that the category by . 
international community , beginning by , is since then recognised to for that then have in the problems have by . 
authorities grave , of fact , have recital time the group as a community of little lawful of interest . 
success rapid 
in 2002 in about to a , a school and the wanting , ( that means , in , & apos ; the education western is a & apos ; ) , racist to the both of a islamic in the north muslim of . 
this poor region , the partnership is living a success rapid . 
and requires a respect at of the sharia , while that their finally is bullets to the fight against the central government . 
last is in first place to the churches , the quality , the administrations . 
2009 , the finally of especially were active and is the attacks against the . 
reaction of was , as often through , widespread . 
army the city and is crimes 800 dead . 
, he in life , the death in prison . 
then , the is and or their of north . 
past , eye a attack that cause 80 dead in and , after , another in . 
june , again to attack against , again in against the guardia general protected of the police , with a attack facing , the first of this kind . 
august , the local headquarters of the is becomes in their first international aim . 
creation of a & apos ; s terrorist in , that since to and by , concerned to all the specialists of the security . 
that ultimately has and that the operating somali ultimately in from as a new threat in the continent centre . 
last week , during a meeting in with the , you has having against and has previous that was prepared to & apos ; share all the information & apos ; . 
world according the candidates republicans to the 
relationship with , with and with the aid to , and vying in and knowledge lack . 
by the crisis , ? can manage a world complex with simple ideas or , even , ? 
to the candidates republicans for the presidential , the constituents could think that so is . 
ago a days , and the other candidates every time do more statements and ago in of foreign policy , traditionally a strong point of republicans . 
the , to often , on , the aid to . 
, the candidate better it in the career towards the designation by the & apos ; & apos ; , has threatened with carry to the chinese to the and & apos ; by manipulation of their motto & apos ; , a issue key in a by the driven migration of their sector towards . 
as if that means the explosion of a war trade , stated . 
, former of almost in and the only candidate that has a vision of the foreign policy , is to a attitude that & apos ; & apos ; the emotion . 
asked a dialogue firm , but full , with ( the current position of ) . 
, that is still reached in the day of the polls , being . 
lifestyle of 
also has promised a intervention military also in the sanctions not advances break their programme nuclear . 
& apos ; elected , to & apos ; , . 
& apos ; its his , will the bomb & apos ; . 
also increase the military aid to , to of have failed with their obligations also in with that partner . 
entrepreneur , the second candidate better life-saving , shows by their part a knowledge events of such subjects . 
, to counter to the military threat china because & apos ; is develop nuclear capacity & apos ; , apparently visit the fact of that already at of military since 1964 . 
, that supports to and want intervene in , says that , by their part , is prepared to deploy the army us in for fight against the can of the drugs . 
appeal to the torture against the supposed terrorists , ban by also in 2009 , what , and the candidate . 
differences are considerable with the candidate of 2008 , a weight heavy in foreign policy . 
opponents of current that also had simple ideas and that won the . 
that the own was a amateur and that had that the single-engine in on of fight against the terrorism . 
, with reason , in the failure of their dialogue with , in the exit hurried of the & apos ; & apos ; of and in their in , and what of weak . 
the attacks not them are simple . 
population of a way more well positive the security national balance of , that over with . 
, of the speeches military that beautiful a . 
, that ago lack rebuild economically for revive their leadership , does the impression of be more fair . 
, new gas entry door russian in 
pipeline , that directly western with and by the fund of , already is has since directly already in 
supply gas for satisfy the thirty needs million of who . 
, the heralded gas russian , has so wanted the event with great . 
last tuesday , more of 500 invited , including four of and of , took to on of , between the music of the and a delicate , directly in the opening of , the new pipeline that , under the sea , with . 
, the german , the russian , the french and their counterpart of the , together have the of the that controls the gas entry russian together in network of western . 
this new pipeline , every year that million of metres gas russian additional accumulation to western to through of a first km had that the region of with the of . 
second should to end of 2012 that will supply a total of million of metres gas accumulation , is say , enough for cover all the consumption french . 
, already is about of the build possibility a third by the same way . 
, the completion to time of this huge labour is victory aires . 
and the baltic countries is had theories strongly the project . 
fact , the will to allow supply gas directly to , any the course earth by third countries ( and ) . 
coup , these two countries some something of their power : for them , will more difficult influence in with the access to the markets of western . 
the debate point , not in the as a & apos ; new pact & apos ; , in reference to the alliance between and for should in . 
say , if the issue politically is delicate . 
western , support the project russian , has obtained a greater supply security . 
the price is a weakening of the of the energy , given that the project has led a gap between the european of this and of east . 
has known , so only in five years , do their vision of a alliance direct between and the western rich countries , large gas consumers and with a reserves every time more limited . 
& apos ; pipeline is a component of our partnership with , a new that we unite of way result & apos ; , this during the pipeline opening , proving to what point the large gas sector contracts so are political as economic . 
this explains the broad grins in the sides of the that of , many in , in the gas arrival point . 
construction of this pipeline also is a achievement technical . 
is made of rebuild steel for against the of the ships . 
supports in the sea fund , to a average of 200 depth cost-benefit . 
, was necessary avoid mines camps that rim of the . 
& apos ; necessary with or destroy a of them , by caution & apos ; , out , spokesman of the society . 
, was necessary providing the protection measures of the supervise and the flora . 
is a long metal snake-heads that overvalued as 242 and not is not interrupted in their length : or by , or by peacekeeping stations . 
measures a control platform not in the waters of , but the responsible of project to the same the see that the swedish very were prepared to allow that a society state russian is of way permanent very in sea with to their coast . 
& apos ; case of , the gas step in least of a minute & apos ; , precise . 
brain case , the pipeline gas is , by therefore , to the atmosphere . 
the arrangements they little likely that is would a brain , since that have be that , according the forecasts , will a brain every place years . 
pipeline state control is does by a starting , by a vessel , that for foreign inspections , so as by a has that everything by the internal of pipeline . 
the way of a pure , is introduces in the internal of , that has a diameter of a metre , and is all with the gas . 
their arrival , after three complete hours of journey to a at of three metres by second , supplies data precise on possible of metal . 
pipeline has been designed for work during fifty years without need of no kind of . 
gas movement is simply does by the pressure . 
principle is of 200 and , to the exit of 100 . 
companies have uk their forces for power carry to out this project . 
company leader is , that has the 51 % of the financially . 
she , is the german and ( % every a ) , so as the reporting and the french group ( 9 % every one ) . 
five societies have created a common company , so-called , committed of build and exploiting the pipeline . 
their headquarters especially in , where the taxation is favourable . 
, to this society , during a long-term of twenty-five renewable years , the whole of the gas transport capacities . 
& apos ; you regardless in by the capacity total , of the gas amount that really is transport & apos ; , precise . 
funding of the pipeline construction is has just taken in 30 % with the contribution of the and in a 70 % by loans banking . 
cost total of the labour should achieve million of eur for the two . 
, by example , the investment has reached the million . 
the weaker are insurance of that not their investment , since that moderating by yes only the risk of the expenses . 
pipeline of in , in a at of . 
, with producing metres of all , form the gas exit door . 
a sensors that the pressure , the temperature and the characteristics gas specific to the arrival , before of that is owed to the pipelines germans . 
the last tuesday , the terminal , a million of metres gas russian accumulation every time . 
total capacity , will three million by time and in 2012 , six million . 
, a of mark . 
ago half century by a italian company , want restore to the people the will by the . 
a adventure air , of hours of to the light of a . 
is easily recognised , with their solder this , their rubber , their of white colour breaking , as by the time . 
however , the with the aspect current born ... however in . 
company italian , based in , decided in at time launch the market a of design brief , but . 
, by at then of the company , is acted of launching of new product . 
is disposition in a former technical of production , the ( fur of ) , that is concerns to a cotton that is dispense , between other things , for cover the . 
kind of very was valued by the writers and the passenger . 
& apos ; has the will current a subject old and neglected , a of the artists to the century & apos ; , account , that since then is then became in of the mark in . 
golden the success . 
2006 and 2010 , the sales by in a 26 % , to achieve a volume of million of units . 
has been the production confidential of the first years , only in the that is lifts individuals . 
will more beyond of the italian borders and seeing their products to 70 countries , since to . 
difficult determine the profile of one , since that the of brief attracts therefore to business men as to students and professionals . 
as that , their users are , of open spirit and coming . 
small italian company , that had with twelve workers now in their beginning , has close of 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : a in and the other in . 
their in moving , since the to the small centre shops of the cities , and has known impose their identity . 
& apos ; we to the times and to the write need , to despite of booming of the electronic post & apos ; , explains . 
signing cultural will of the hand with the development of : recently , the mark has it the explanatory & apos ; & apos ; where architects or artists disturbed their own . 
august , also launched a with of , with reason of cinema of . 
their success and this cultural , has known diversify their products : , acts , of computer ... mark ways a wider range of . 
success that from : in autumn of 2006 , was acquired by the investment fund , so in autumn of 2006 , was acquired by the investment fund , in the today , 
? what the unemployment rate of the workers still disabled being so higher ? 
of 19 % of the people disabled are for a employment . 
for the employment of the disabled starts today . 
despite of a policy public settled , roundly since 2005 , the unemployment rate between the people disabled greater the rate average : a 19 % , with the 9 % for the whole of the population . 
? 
& apos ; & apos ; , says , director general of , the partnership that & quot ; the week for the employment of the disabled . 
& apos ; progress infrastructural since ago fifteen years are considerable . 
& apos ; at then , the unemployment rate not was two sometimes but three sometimes more higher that the average . 
& apos ; however , still is great by do & apos ; . 
mention that the unemployed disabled are facing to many obstacles for access the employment . 
have a age more elderly : the 37 % has more of 50 years ( a 17 average % ) . 
a jobs little high level : the 80 % not has over the and , of the 2.3 million of students not in education higher , so only 000 are disabled . 
last , the unemployment of long long-term very is widespread between them : the 53 % for the disabled , with the 38 average % . 
say , there many issues that especially the return the world labour and that & apos ; are the of problem & apos ; , out , director general of , a partnership especially created in for help to the companies to cases workers disabled . 
are the obstacles objectives . 
, there those that not is mention ; the mentality of the people is , but too slowly . 
study done in april by the partnership for the that the directors have & apos ; a knowledge level on the persons under & apos ; , with a & apos ; representation excessive of the people in wheelchair , physical or intellectuals & apos ; . 
result : the private companies with more of 20 workers very are far of cases aim a 6 workers disabled % , aim that very is far in of ... 1987 . 
the last available figures , that rim of 2008 , at a % relationship . 
& apos ; whole not climate-friendly in about the 3 % & apos ; , out , director general of , the body power responsibility the contributions of the companies that this law . 
test : the establishment number & apos ; subject to this contribution & apos ; , the as that the , have has between 2007 and 2011 , and of to structures ( and of to million of eur ) . 
& apos ; law of 2005 , that the contributions , has led a great pressure for the companies & apos ; , explains . 
& apos ; this improvement also reflects a real , also in between the large groups & apos ; . 
the of , so only the 59 % of the societies that they between 20 and 49 workers account with employees only disabled in , with the commitment % of the companies of between 100 and workers . 
: & apos ; joy & apos ; 
face point to the tuesday by the night ( ) , and not secret the pleasure that them cent this party friendly . 
we to say that is israeli between them , but the image is symbolic . 
one together the another , together in of , and really have fact the . 
months after of grudge gesture of their against , the belgian not has more that praise for he . 
& apos ; much surprised by , by their progress and because be belgian & apos ; . 
& apos ; move & apos ; , you mood the of . 
as the contrast between their in their team and in the selection , & apos ; is a whole & apos ; , is has justified . 
& apos ; , i all the year , what which not is applies to . 
& apos ; that & apos ; . 
for around against the friday by the night , around taking in this party against , next to for , by end , & apos ; & apos ; . 
ignore of & apos ; pleasure & apos ; . 
to the since that had seven years , so as during the campaigns of 1998 and 2000 . 
& apos ; i been their & apos ; , says . 
doubt , that will to especially strengthen the nature & apos ; particular & apos ; of i . 
because is facing & apos ; to ( ) , ( ) and ( ) & apos ; , reminds . 
& apos ; just of lies ago little . 
& apos ; against them always is a joy . & apos ; 
, has fact by their part reference the & apos ; pride & apos ; . 
& apos ; & apos ; by also & apos ; a party of by & apos ; . 
& apos ; & apos ; also by check , as & apos ; neighbour & apos ; , that & apos ; again to be a team of very high level & apos ; , close of a year after of . 
& apos ; has fact a work frontier & apos ; , said with enthusiasm . 
that not attending to the next european competition , the technical would delighted of power share air with the towards ... , not in . 
& apos ; small belgian are growing & apos ; , preparing . 
& apos ; build something ; the players are ambitious , are hungry . 
& apos ; see in the next parties & apos ; . the party against . 
shows very confidence 
of is faces with a great optimism the back party against ( ) , that is will the tuesday in . 
the party of proposed , them missing realism to both equipment . 
& apos ; these 90 minutes , be a happy team and , on all , a happy country & apos ; . 
already already is in . 
has no doubt ; the , that us since september of 2010 , will to for the of 2012 . 
, so only 90 separate minutes to of the wish . 
there a party that around and a contravention , that defeat . 
in account the party of proposed ( ) , the friday not in account the party of proposed ( ) , the friday in the hell of , seems clear that the thing 
knock-on the party during more of a time , yes , but not could drive the valuable that you would given the anything . 
& apos ; a good result , but to the time means a risk , since that not we some outside of home & apos ; . 
in home , even in home , in the indoctrinated of the of , the portuguese are much of that , to a public that should be as of happy , that the party & apos ; very is matched & apos ; , a positive but . 
& apos ; that the party very is matched , but we completely much of that we take the & apos ; , declared the coach portuguese of 42 years . 
& apos ; taking a 50 participate possibilities % not however in the 2012 & apos ; , has , the successor of . 
friday draw in forced to the portuguese to drive and to win . 
the them could come a draw , although also have need of drive . 
& apos ; a good result , but to the time means a risk , since that not we some outside of home & apos ; , regrets . 
& apos ; to around against a team that has a great technical quality and that at of players with a great individual quality & apos ; , added . 
as that not in , the portuguese iran with the exercise intention , since the principle , a pressure took on the for & apos ; swearing time to think & apos ; . 
good idea , always that , this time , be realistic . 
